Scientific Active Equities applied the scientific method to the process of calling up analysts and saying "so, how're things," and realized that they could save some time by sending analysts quarterly or monthly electronic surveys saying "so, how're things, on a scale of 1 to 9?" (Specifically, the survey asked analysts for nuance that couldn't be found in public reports: how likely a company was to be acquired, or whether earnings were more likely to beat the analyst's expectations or miss them) SAE would average the analysts' responses and use them as a trading signal; "survey based signals were generally weighted approximately 5% in SAE's quantitive trading models" So far so good, really, but there were some problems.
 Saracen Mineral Holdings Ltd, an Australian gold producer, will seek to restart mines acquired from OAO GMK Norilsk Nickel in 18 months after completing the deal worth as much as A$40 million ($35 million).
 Norilsk, the world’s biggest nickel producer, acquired the mines through the $64 billion takeover of LionOre Mining International Ltd.
 Super may be more likely to buy assets than be acquired, said Yeo, the DBS analyst.
 Colony American Homes Inc, which has acquired more than 15,000 homes, is also preparing a rental-home bond.
Wealthy individuals are making money in a bullish auction market for trophy art by offering desirable works they’ve acquired, either for a quick flip or to sell longtime holdings high.
Existing permits that were legally acquired “remain valid and are renegotiated in the 36 months from the date the law is enacted,” the draft says.
 Earnings Estimates Under the BlackRock survey, data sought included analyst views on the likelihood of a surprise to their forecasted earnings estimate and the possibility a company they cover would be acquired in a merger, according to the agreement.
Consumer Goods “Resources is a sector where we have acquired a number of assets in past years,” Mahanyele said.
Dish, which acquired the chain out of bankruptcy in 2011, decided to close the final 300 US.The retailer said today in a statement that the move would trigger its shareholder rights plan -- or poison pill -- if investors acquired more than 49 percent of the shares, down from 10 percent previously.
 to force it to license patents acquired from Nortel Networks Inc.
 Wealthy individuals are making money in a bullish auction market for trophy art by offering desirable works they’ve acquired, either for a quick flip or to sell longtime holdings high.
 He said Verizon is making a 38 percent profit on the airwaves it acquired in a government auction.
 Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said in October that Apple acquired 15 companies in the fiscal year ended in September, compared with five known deals in the previous one.
“Investors see high quality just outside major metros,” said Tim Wang, head of research at Clarion, which acquired buildings in Arlington, Virginia, and Brookline, Massachusetts, last year.
 Dozens Sued Soverain, a Chicago-based seller of e-commerce software, acquired the patents and sued dozens of companies that it said used the technology without paying royalties.
The acquired businesses will add about 200 employees to Buffett’s company, Noel said.
 It acquired Kabel Deutschland Holding AG for more than $10 billion in October and is seeking to buy Grupo Corporativo ONO SA, the Spanish cable operator that is preparing for an initial public offering, two people familiar with the matter said.sublime
 Together with Apotheker, who was forced out in September 2011, Lane oversaw the company’s $103 billion acquisition of Autonomy, which resulted in an $88 billion writedown and investigations of accounting fraud.
 The firm said earnings would also include a higher-than-expected effective tax rate, increased severance and other operating expenses following consolidation and a $5 million expense related to the firm’s acquisition of fund-of-hedge-funds unit Fauchier Partners, according to the statement.
 can’t for now rely on an insurer to pay $20 million to help settle shareholder claims over the software maker’s acquisition of a company controlled by Oracle founder Larry Ellison, a judge concluded.
 The acquisition of Nest, almost double what Google paid for YouTube in 2006, also provides the biggest payback to date for the search provider’s own venture-capital arm.
 “An international governance structure and listings will complete this vision” Fiat won’t pay a dividend, to maintain liquidity after the acquisition of Auburn Hills, Michigan-based Chrysler, Marchionne told analysts on a conference call.
 Spiegel last year turned down a $3 billion acquisition offer from Facebook Inc, a person familiar with the matter has said, inciting questions about whether Snapchat can reach that value on its own.
 Australia & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd, the country’s most Asia-focused lender, could explore an acquisition of Standard Chartered Plc, although a combination is unlikely, Citigroup Inc.
 AT&T executives were laying the groundwork internally for a potential acquisition of Vodafone this year, people with knowledge of the matter told Bloomberg News in November.
 xecutives of Dallas-based AT&T were laying the groundwork internally for a potential acquisition of Vodafone this year, people with knowledge of the matter told Bloomberg News in November.
 The acquisition of the company’s units by Energisa SA was approved, Brazil electricity regulator head Romeu Rufino said today in Brasilia.
 United Bankshares Inc, based in Parkersburg, West Virginia, delayed its acquisition of Virginia Commerce Bancorp Inc.
The Dutch operator last year rejected a takeover bid from Liberty Global.
The mounting competition for video viewers has made Time Warner Cable a potential takeover target for Charter Communications Inc.
Chatham last year rejected a takeover bid from New York-based shareholder BlueMountain Capital Management LLC.
AT&T Inc, responding to speculation over a possible takeover bid for Vodafone Group Plc, said it doesn’t plan to make an offer for the UK.
Bank Clothiers Inc, which is resisting a takeover by Men’s Wearhouse Inc, has been told by five of its largest shareholders to start talking to its rival about a sale, said people with knowledge of the matter.
Google told shareholders to reject a $161 billion takeover proposal from Men’s Wearhouse Inc, saying it undervalues the company.
Claims Irregularities The shares fell 27 percent to 98 pence in London as the company said it had not received a takeover offer from a competitor, damping speculation that had sent the shares to a one-month high yesterday.
 The growing acrimony between Legere and AT&T reveals a sharp contrast to an earlier, friendlier history when the two companies planned to unite in a $39 billion takeover of T-Mobile.
The bank last paid a cash dividend in 2008, before its takeover of HBOS Plc forced it to seek a 20 billion-pound bailout.
The Colorado-based billionaire is now left with smaller takeover options such as Sirius XM Holdings Inc.
Porsche Automobil Holding SE scored a victory in its battle against investors seeking a total of 5 billion euros ($7 billion) over claims the German carmaker lied during its failed bid to takeover Volkswagen AG in 2008.
If something pops up for which we believe there is the right price, the right quality of assets and if the activity where we want to expand is right for us, we will monitor and we will buy°® Western European lenders, which own about three-quarters of banking assets in eastern Europe except Russia, have reduced investments in the region since it was hit by recession in 2009.
 Without Wind, it’s more likely that Quebecor will buy spectrum outside of the French-speaking province, Phillip Huang, a Toronto-based analyst for Barclays Plc, said in a note to clients.
However, it has been completely ineffective, as imports and domestic demand have grown nonetheless, often bypassing this ban°® A partial removal will buy the government some sympathy, as Algerians regain access again to credit for their purchases, and could boost somewhat domestic production, Fabiani said.
 Bart Mosley, co-president of Trident Municipal Research, and Fitterer at Wells Capital Management said Jefferson County’s experience shows investors will buy the debt even as Orr’s proposal would pay some unsecured creditors about 20 cents on the dollar.
 The company requested information on Latvia’s telecommunications operator Lattelecom SIA as we know there will be privatization, it doesn’t mean we will buy it, we’re not even close to this decision, but want to study the opportunity, what the price is, what the company is like, Shamolin said.
 Fosun International will buy the stake in the insurer with its own funds, Secretary of State for Finance Manuel Rodrigues told reporters in Lisbon yesterday.
The French company will ship the LNG to Asia and Europe, while Novatek’s trading arm, Novatek Gas & Power, will buy cargoes to supply Asia, Mikhelson said.
 It will buy $40 billion of Treasuries and $35 billion of mortgage bonds a month.
 The South Asian country will buy about 95 million metric tons of crude from Iran in the year ending March 2015, RK.
 and Yunfeng Capital said they will buy a majority stake in the firm.
Alibaba, the owner of China’s biggest e-commerce business, and Yunfeng Capital said they will buy a majority stake in the firm for HK$133 billion to enter the drug-data industry.
 Southwest agreed to purchase slots for 27 daily round trips, while JetBlue will buy rights for 12 round trips and acquire eight pairs now being leased from American, the airlines said today in statements.
  Southwest agreed to purchase slots for 27 daily roundtrips, while JetBlue will buy rights for 12 round trips and acquire eight pairs now being leased from American, the airlines said today in statements.
Italy’s biggest phone company will buy back the hybrid bonds, sold last year and due in 2073, on March 3 at 101 percent of the principal amount of the securities plus interest due, the Milan-based company said today in a statement.
The world’s largest maker of video-game machines will buy back as many as 10 million shares, or about 78 percent of outstanding shares, the Kyoto, Japan-based company said in a statement yesterday.
 Europe’s third-biggest oil producer will buy a 40 percent stake in two exploration areas held by Dart Energy Ltd, Paris-based Total said today in a statement.
 8 after announcing it will buy Aptalis Pharma for $29 billion.
organic food company, said it will buy Tilda Ltd, which produces Basmati rice, for about 217 million pounds ($357 million) including cash and shares to expand its business.
 added 24 percent to $1,14940, an all-time high, after saying it will buy Nest Labs.
 said it will buy a stake in the logistics-center operator.
 The information management firm said it will buy Stream Global Services Inc.
29 that it will buy $65 billion a month in bonds, down another $10 billion.
 CBS said today it will buy back a total of $2 billion shares in the current quarter.
 We will develop RN-Burenie, we will modernize it, we will buy new rigs, Chief Executive Officer Igor Sechin said.
 Wilmar will buy 52 billion rupees ($84 million) of new shares in India’s largest refiner at 2008 rupees apiece, it said yesterday in a statement.
 7 (Bloomberg) -- Outerwall Inc, owner of the Redbox DVD rental dispensers, rose to a record after saying it will buy back more than 20 percent of its stock.
 Stock Buyback Mitsubishi UFJ will buy back 390 billion yen of preferred shares in April and cancel the stock, it said in a statement.
 Russia’s finance ministry will buy foreign currency equivalent to 35 billion rubles ($98 million) daily from Feb.
 Pandora will buy back as much as 24 billion kroner ($440 million) of stock in 2014, the Glostrup-based company said today as it reported a 76 percent increase in net income for the final three months of 2013.
  Pandora will buy back as much as 24 billion Danish kroner ($440 million) of stock in 2014, the Glostrup-based company said today as it reported a 76 percent increase in net income for the final three months of 2013.
The BJP and Congress will buy out the regional parties The increasing importance of regional parties will hamper the efficacy of nationwide policy making, regardless of the political complexion of the eventual central government, Moody’s analyst Rahul Ghosh said in a statement on Feb.
12 (Bloomberg) -- Deutsche Bank AG’s private-equity group is seeking $1 billion for its next fund that will buy investors stakes in private-equity funds, according to two people familiar with the situation.
I'm a dork so my reaction to the news that Herbalife is doing a billion-dollar convertible bond offering to fund its stock buyback was, "hmm, how do you borrow Herbalife stock?" Because some things to think about convertibles are: A lot of the buyers of convertibles are convertible arbitrage hedge funds that will buy the convertible and sell short some of the underlying stock.
°ßWe have customers who have said to us that they will buy an Ikea sofa for the first time, so it’s just like Apple, if you have value in the ecosystem, it creates more value for everyone, Pennington said while displaying textiles in the company’s Stockholm showroom.
 6 (Bloomberg) -- Outerwall Inc, owner of the Redbox DVD dispensers, rose as much as 11 percent in extended trading after saying it will buy back $350 million of its stock.
Significant Increase CBS said yesterday it will buy back a total of $2 billion shares in the current quarter.
 SAS said in June it will buy 12 new Airbus long-range jets valued at $33 billion to upgrade aging aircraft with more efficient models, seeking delivery of eight A350-900s and four A330-300s starting in 2015.
 Allianz will buy the stake for 110 million euros ($150 million) via a capital increase, the Munich-based insurer said in a statement on its website yesterday.
 satellite-TV provider, said it will buy back $35 billion of stock after fourth-quarter sales exceeded analysts estimates on stronger than expected US.
Aeon Financial jumped 83 percent to 2,537 yen after saying it will buy back as many as 12 million shares within a year for 25 billion yen.
March 6 (Bloomberg) -- Never before have Nestle SA bulls paid as much as they are now for options, convinced the food company will buy back shares and boost dividends after it sold a portion of its stake in L’Oreal SA.
 The carrier, Japan’s biggest, will buy a combination of Airbus single-aisle A320neo planes and Boeing 777X, the person said, declining to be identified as the information isn’t public yet.
The company said it will buy back as many as 10 million shares through 2016.
 Alibaba will buy 2205 million shares at HK$75335 apiece, for a total of HK$17 billion ($219 million), and will also subscribe to a HK$37 billion convertible bond, the companies said in separate statements today.
 The world’s biggest maker of computer mice said it will buy back up to $250 million of its shares.
 The Dutch company, which operates 284 stores in the Czech Republic, will buy 36 compact hyper markets and 14 supermarkets, it said today in a statement.
The fund will buy loans that have been in default for three months or more from Peruvian financial institutions at 3 percent of face value, allowing Crowdcredit to potentially collect double or triple the initial cost as creditors repay, he said.
 The fund will buy corporate bonds, loan portfolios and structured products mostly in Western Europe and the US, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the fundraising is private.
 Siderurgica Nacional SA, the second-largest Brazilian steelmaker by market value, rose the most in more than five years after the company said it will buy back as much as 10 percent of its freely traded shares.
 Plane Purchases Boeing’s 2013 industry outlook estimated that the countries in the Commonwealth of Independent States, including Russia, Ukraine and Belarus, will buy 1,170 aircraft worth $140 billion over the next 20 years.
 Europe’s biggest insurer will buy the Italian assets in a deal that includes a 11 billion-euro premiums portfolio, 729 agencies and 500 employees, Allianz said in March 15 statement.
March 27 (Bloomberg) -- Toyota Motor Corp, the world’s largest automaker, said it will buy back stock for the first time in five years as its cash pile swells and profit climbs.
 °ßThere they said publicly: We are drawing a line in the sand, this is the bottom end of the currency and we will buy all quantity necessary to support it there Last month’s rate cut, which brought the benchmark rate to 075 percent, failed to halt the shekel’s appreciation.
 Singapore’s state-owned investment company will buy a stake in Seven Energy International Ltd.
 It’s better priced and more people will buy it Stock splits have diminished in the last decade as the role of institutions and exchange-traded funds grew in the equity market, leaving some large companies effectively ineligible for the Dow average.
 While Deutsche Annington may make further acquisitions, it’s unlikely the company will buy large listed competitors such as LEG Immobilien AG or Gagfah SA, Buch said.
 As many as 200 investors will buy the 50 million share offering in a private sale.
 Last Resort Lonmin won’t send similar notices to customers and will buy metal on the open market for supplies as a last resort, Magara said.
 A smaller portion of the Metacapital fund will buy bonds and loans tied to commercial real estate, according to the letter.
  said it will buy Turkey’s Tekstil Bankasi AS as the biggest Chinese lender seeks to counter a credit slowdown at home that led to the weakest profit growth in almost five years.
 The company said it will buy 76 percent of Tekstilbank, as the Turkish lender is known, from its parent for $316 million.
The bank said in January it will buy control of Standard Bank Group Ltd’s London-based markets unit for about $765 million to expand in trading spanning commodities and interest rates to currencies.
 Westlake will buy 95 percent of the partnership’s ethylene production at a 10 cent-per-gallon premium over production costs.
In the end, we could not agree to an outcome that met ADM’s objectives. As part of the fertilizer agreement, ADM said it will buy fertilizer from Mosaic after the deal closes and will continue to supply certain fertilizer customers in Brazil and Paraguay.
 The company also said it will buy back about $32 billion of mortgage bonds from them.
will buy out Piramal Enterprises Ltd’s stake in its India mobile-phone unit for 89 billion rupees ($15 billion), giving it full control of its biggest market by customers.
 Etihad Airways PJSC, Air Berlin’s largest shareholder, will buy 300 million euros of convertible bonds issued by the carrier to increase its capital.
 Etihad will buy bonds convertible into stock which will have no maturity and count toward equity, according to a statement today, while Air Berlin will sell at least another 150 million euros in notes, providing 450 million euros in cash.
Sinopec Group will buy 12 million metric tons of LNG annually from the project and China Huadian 600,000 tons.
 Sinopec Group announced it will buy a 15 percent stake in the project yesterday without mentioning a Chinese partner.
 CSAV will buy shares worth 259 million euros in a 370 million-euro capital increase that will boost its stake in Hapag-Lloyd to 34 percent from about 30 percent.
A Shares °ßFrom a trading perspective, if you are an overseas investor, you will buy stocks traded at a discount to domestic A shares and stocks with a scarcity premium, or those that you don°¶t have in China,°® said Paul Chan, the Hong Kong-based chief investment officer for Asia ex-Japan at Invesco, which oversees about $787 billion.
 Nestle, Unilever, Kellogg, Mondelez and Mars are among the companies that have said they will buy only palm certified by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil.
The company also will buy back as many as 320 million, or about 77 percent, of its shares through a repurchasing plan extending from tomorrow through March 31.
 The continent°¶s largest money manager, which is based in the South African capital of Pretoria and has 16 trillion rand ($153 billion) under management and holds about 11 percent of the stock of companies traded in Johannesburg, will buy stakes in energy companies operating in Africa, its chief executive officer, Elias Masilela, 49, said in an April 1 interview in Johannesburg.
 Lonmin won°¶t send similar notices to customers and will buy metal on the open market for supplies °ßas a last resort, Magara said.
It’s an auspicious day, so people who have to buy will buy, but they will have to deal with unnecessarily high premiums, Prithviraj Kothari, vice president of the India Bullion and Jewellers Association Ltd, said by phone from Mumbai on April 25.
 rose the most in more than 10 months in Tokyo stock trading after Japan°¶s biggest brokerage said it will buy back shares and raise dividends as it posted a lower-than-estimated decline in quarterly earnings.
 The firm will buy 214 million shares at $7 apiece in a private placement, according to a statement.
(Corrects reference to PC titles in sixth paragraph of story published May 14) May 14 (Bloomberg) -- Nexon Co, the Japanese maker of online games such as MapleStory, jumped the most on record in Tokyo trading after saying it will buy back shares.
Strategas says congressional inaction on government-sponsored enterprise reform will buy time for the courts to rule on whether the government illegally swept profits from shareholders of GSEs like Fannie.
 Loan investors are getting more selective about what they will buy after facing three weeks of withdrawals, with the end of a 95-week streak of cash inflows relieving pressure on fund managers to put money to work in a market that Federal Reserve officials have said shows signs of froth.
 Canon climbed 19 percent to 3,252 yen after the camera maker said it will buy back as many as 17 million shares between May 9 and July 29.
In Finansbank’s case, the buyer will buy into the bank’s prospects and future profitability Finansbank’s shares rose as much as 33 percent and gained 13 percent to 312 liras as of 3:26 pm.
  The company said today it will buy a wind farm in Texas for $125 million.
 Accor gained 13 percent to 38 euros after saying it will buy hotels in Germany, the Netherlands, and Switzerland for about 900 million euros ($123 billion).
 While Co-Operative Group Ltd’s stake will be diluted, the company said it will buy new stock and will remain the lender’s largest shareholder.
 The Guangzhou-based carrier will buy 30 A320 jets and 50 A320neo planes, the company said in a statement to the Shanghai stock exchange.
 May 22 (Bloomberg) -- Telefonica Czech Republic AS declined the most in six months after its majority owner said it will buy out minority stakes for less than some investors expected.
 A key risk is that PPF will buy back enough shares to trigger a delisting of the company, according to Vera Sutedja, an analyst at Erste Group Bank AG in Vienna.
The bank will buy Argentine bonds due in 2015, 2017 and 2033, Madrid-based Repsol said yesterday in a regulatory filing.
 They sell chocolate and people will buy more°® He didn’t give consumption numbers.
  TSB Chief Executive Officer Paul Pester said there was strong appetite for the offering and predicted individual investors will buy as much as 20 percent of the shares on sale.
The additional stations will buy 200,000 barrels a day from Marathon Petroleum’s refineries, guaranteeing a buyer for 75 percent of the company’s gasoline and diesel output.
 Canada’s third-biggest lender by assets also said it will buy back as many as 12 million shares over the next year.
 Japan’s biggest trader will buy back as many as 40 million shares, or about 24 percent of its stock outstanding, from tomorrow, according to a statement today.
 will buy 38 billion cubic meters of piped gas annually over 30 years from OAO Gazprom’s fields in eastern Siberia at a cost of about $400 billion in an agreement concluded May 21 after 10 years of talks.
said yesterday it will buy Pinnacle Foods Inc.
 Gundlach, the chief executive officer of DoubleLine Capital LP, and Zell, chairman of landlord Equity Residential, predict fewer young people will buy homes, further driving down the US.
 The company said it will buy back $100 million worth of shares.
  jumped by the most since October 2011 after the nation’s biggest commodities trader said it will buy back as much as 60 billion yen ($589 million) of its stock.
 jumped 65 percent to 1,938 yen after saying it will buy back as many as 40 million shares, or about 24 percent of its stock outstanding.
jumped 64 percent in Tokyo after the consumer-electronics retailer said it will buy back shares.
 The company said last month it will buy assets from parent Citic Group Corp, the country°¶s first state-owned investment corporation, ranging from financial services to energy and property.
 Rocky Mountain Power, a unit of PacifiCorp, will buy 320 megawatts under 20-year contracts, First Wind said today in a statement.
 While Gaffney considers many corporate bonds overvalued, she will buy them if she is getting paid for the risk.
Federal Trade Commission in August 2010 and agreed not to give computer makers discounts or other inducements in exchange for promises they will buy chips exclusively from Intel.
  ECB President Mario Draghi told a press conference in Frankfurt the central bank will buy simple and transparent notes that are backed by non-financial private sector assets.
 Xander, APG Xander Group, with about $2 billion of equity capital in property assets, and a consortium led by Dutch pension fund asset manager APG announced a $300 million venture in May that will buy commercial assets across India’s main office markets.
 will buy a stake in Pioneer’s audio-visual business, according to a statement to the Tokyo bourse yesterday, confirming an earlier Nikkei newspaper report.
Federal Trade Commission in August 2010 and agreed not to give computer makers discounts or other inducements in exchange for promises they will buy chips exclusively from Intel.
 will buy 69 percent and a Blackstone affiliate will purchase 15 percent, Metrovacesa said.
will buy full control of a styrene plastics joint venture with BASF SE for 11 billion euros ($15 billion) in a bet it can extend a move into more-profitable products for the electronics and automotive industries.
 Under an agreement announced June 22, the government will buy as much as 20 percent of Alstom from Bouygues SA, allowing General Electric Co.
  Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc jumped 81 percent after saying it will buy back 1 billion pounds ($17 billion) of its own shares.
      Lukoil will buy a 375 percent interest, while New Age will increase its existing shareholding by 125 percent to 375 percent, according to a regulatory filing from BowLeven, which will retain the remaining 25 percent.
       will buy Protective Life Corp.
       France will buy its stake °ßat the market price with a standard discount, on condition that this price is higher or equal to the equivalent of a theoretical adjusted price of 35 euros per share,°® the company said today.
 	It’s no longer an individual who decides whether they will buy themselves a house; the bank has the final say Molinero took out a 35-year variable-rate mortgage with a loan-to-value ratio of 80 percent at Euribor plus 259 with ING Bank.
  	As part of today’s agreement, Barnes & Noble will buy at least 1 million devices from Samsung within the first 12 months.
 	climbed 36 percent after confirming reports that it will buy US-based Protective Life Corp.
 	The insurer will buy US.
 	Dai-ichi, Japan’s second-largest life insurer, will buy the company in the biggest foreign acquisition by a Japanese life insurer.
 	and Kuok (Singapore) Ltd, controlled by the family of Malaysian billionaire Robert Kuok, will buy a combined $200 million of stock, according to yesterday’s filing.
 	sanctions against Russia are also creating uncertainties Schneider said today it will buy back about 6 million shares in the second half.
 	Results aren as bad as initially expected The Topix surged 14 percent from this year low on April 14 amid signs Japan is weathering a consumption-levy increase from that month and speculation the nation’s $12 trillion pension fund will buy more local shares.
 	We re losing money at the beginning but we re betting that a huge number of people will buy the robots Maisonnier declined to give a timeframe for the sales projection.
 	China Eastern, the nation°¶s third-largest airline, will buy a mix of 737-800 and upgraded Max models, to be delivered starting in 2016, the company said in a statement to the Shanghai stock exchange today.
	 Carrefour will buy back the stores for an enterprise value of 600 million euros ($816 million), the Boulogne Billancourt, France-based company said today in a statement.
 	The company will buy the loans and later may have them securitized by a Wall Street bank, Carr said.
 	De Persgroep will buy the publishing group for 155 pence a share, or about 196 million pounds ($334 million), according to a joint statement.
 	The Topix surged 14 percent from this year’s low on April 14 amid signs Japan is weathering the sales-tax increase and speculation the nation°¶s $12 trillion pension fund will buy more domestic shares.
 	We will buy shopping centers and offices that have tenants in place, Louis Schnetler, 50, who will take over as chief executive officer on Aug.
 	will buy $26 billion of jet engines from a General Electric Co.
 	Yaskawa, based in Kitakyushu, will buy through a US.
 	Macquarie Infrastructure said it will buy the remaining stake for $910 million in cash and $115 million in stock.
	°ßI don°¶t think the market is overpriced, but investors just don’t have catalysts to buy further°® The Topix rebounded 11 percent from a May 21 low on signs the economy is weathering an April sales-tax increase and amid optimism Japan’s $12 trillion pension fund will buy more domestic stocks.
 	jumped 75 percent after the watchmaker said it will buy back about 125 billion yen ($123 million) in shares.
	 Ltd, a group of Indian state-run metal and mining companies, will buy the assets, the London-based producer said today in a statement.
	July 10 (Bloomberg) -- GSO Capital Partners LP, the $66 billion credit unit of Blackstone Group LP, is seeking more than 200 million euros ($272 million) for a publicly traded fund that will buy European loans and help the firm create new investment pools.
	 The Topix had rebounded 98 percent from a May 21 low on signs the economy is weathering an April sales-tax increase and amid optimism Japan’s 1266 trillion yen pension fund will buy more domestic stocks.
 	of Japan will buy and operate three of the ships, according to the four people, who asked not to be identified because the order hasn’t been announced.
	July 15 (Bloomberg) -- SMBC Aviation Capital Ltd, the Japanese plane lessor, said it will buy $118 billion of aircraft from Airbus Group NV in the largest single-aisle aircraft order ever placed by a leasing company amid a surge in Asian travel demand.
Russia’s largest oil producer will buy 61 land drilling crews and a fleet of work over rigs in Russia from Weatherford and six land-drilling rigs in Venezuela, according to Weatherford’s regulatory filing today.
