    “The odds of a 50 basis-point adjustment next week are higher, there’s more pressure for monetary tightening,” dos Santos, the top forecaster of the key interest rate according to data compiled by Bloomberg, said by phone. “This also adds to the negative mood on Brazil. I think it could increase the possibility of a credit downgrade. It’s very bad news.”  ‘More Resistance’  Swap rates on the contract due in January 2015, the most traded in Sao Paulo today, rose two basis points, or 0.02 percentage point, to 10.6 percent at 12:40 p.m. local time. The real appreciated 0.9 percent to 2.3685 per U.S. dollar.  Inflation “showed slightly more resistance than anticipated,” Tombini said today in a statement posted on the central bank’s website. “That resistance in inflation, in large measure, was due to the currency depreciation over the last semesters, costs originating in the labor market, in addition to recent pressures in the transport sector.”  Standard & Poor’s in June placed Brazil’s rating on negative outlook, and Moody’s Investors Service in October lowered its outlook to stable from positive, citing deteriorating debt and investment ratios and evidence of slow growth.  Transport Prices  Food and beverage prices in December rose 0.89 percent, up from 0.56 percent the previous month. Transport prices increased by 1.85 percent from 0.36 percent the month before, and personal expenses jumped 1 percent from 0.87 percent. The price of services surged 1.16 percent in December.  Policy makers voted unanimously on Nov. 27 to raise the benchmark rate to 10 percent from 9.5 percent, marking the fifth straight 0.5 percentage point increase following a quarter-point boost in April. The central bank next week will elevate borrowing costs by 0.25 percentage point, according to the median estimate of economists surveyed by Bloomberg.  Inflation exceeded the level marked in 2012 even after the government held down regulated prices, which rose 1.55 percent in the year. 
    That’s the slowest increase since 1992, as the government tried to assist the central bank’s effort by lowering energy prices and granting a smaller-than-expected fuel price increase, according to dos Santos.  ‘Under Control’  It will be difficult to keep regulated price increases as low in 2014, he said.  “We had an inflation index that was practically stable relative to last year,” interim Finance Minister Dyogo Oliveira told reporters in Brasilia following today’s release of the report. “That, in my opinion, demonstrates that we have inflation under control in Brazil and there is no risk it will get out of control.”  Today’s data suggest the central bank will raise the Selic to at least 11 percent, Andre Perfeito, chief economist at Gradual Investimentos, wrote in a note to clients.  “This is a critical situation, inflation is not on a downward trend,” Roberto Padovani, chief economist at Votorantim Ctvm, said by phone from Sao Paulo. “There is no doubt that this increases the odds of a longer rate increase cycle.”  Increased Call  After release of today’s data, Newton Rosa, chief economist at Sul America Investimentos, increased his call for next week’s monetary policy decision to a 50 basis-point increase, from 25 basis points.  Tombini said as recently as Oct. 11 that inflation would end 2013 below last year’s 5.84 percent. The central bank in quarterly estimates published Dec. 20 forecast inflation would finish 2013 at 5.8 percent. Food and beverage prices jumped 8.48 percent on the year, while personal expenses rose 8.39 percent. Services prices surged 8.75 percent.  The bank targets inflation of 4.5 percent, plus or minus two percentage points. President Dilma Rousseff said Dec. 18 that 2013 would mark the 10th straight year the government meets its target.  “Everything indicates that it will behave, and finish below last year,” Rousseff told journalists in Brasilia the same day.  The real, which on Jan. 8 closed at its weakest level versus the U.S. dollar in more than four months, lost 13 percent of its value in 2013. The central bank extended into 2014 its program of currency swaps sales and dollar loans to buoy Brazil’s currency.  Policy makers will raise the Selic to 10.5 percent by year-end and inflation will accelerate to 5.97 percent, according to economists in the central bank’s latest weekly survey. They forecast economic growth of 1.95 percent this year, down from 2.28 percent in 2013.  Oliveira said there is a “positive expectation” for 2014 inflation, which will remain under control as it has for the past decade.  To contact the reporter on this story: David Biller in Rio de Janeiro at  dbiller1@bloomberg.net  To contact the editor responsible for this story: Andre Soliani at  asoliani@bloomberg.net          Jan. 22 (Bloomberg) -- Following is a table of Thailand’s December airport statistics published by Airports of Thailand Pcl on its Web site.  
    Yingli Surges  Yingli, the biggest solar-panel maker, rallied 38 percent last week to $6.61, rising the most since November 2012. It was the biggest weekly gainer on the China-US gauge.  Average prices for polysilicon, the key raw material for making solar panels, climbed to the highest level since October 2012, data compiled by Bloomberg showed.  Yingli also gained after announcing a joint venture with Datong Coal Mine Group to develop and construct solar power plants in China’s northern Shanxi province. Vishal Shah, a New York-based analyst at Deutsche Bank AG, said the joint venture is “an incremental positive” in an e-mailed report on Jan. 2.  YY Inc., the Guangzhou-based owner of a social entertainment website, soared 15 percent last week to $58.02 in New York, the highest level since its U.S. debut in November 2012.  The Hang Seng China Enterprises Index in Hong Kong dropped 3.6 percent last week to 10,436.76, the largest weekly decline since October. The Shanghai Composite Index sank 0.9 percent for the week to 2,083.14.
      To contact the reporter on this story: Belinda Cao in New York at  lcao4@bloomberg.net  To contact the editor responsible for this story: Tal Barak Harif at  tbarak@bloomberg.net          Jan. 24 (Bloomberg) -- Swedbank AB is about to become Europe’s best capitalized bank thanks to an accounting method that will also cut the cost of issuing contingent convertible debt.  The method, advanced internal ratings based accounting, allows a bank to assign its own risk weights to assets. The bank then calculates its capital buffer on an internally weighted asset base. For lenders interested in selling contingent convertible securities -- debt that is either wiped out or turned into equity if buffers fall below a given level -- the bigger a bank’s capital reserves, the cheaper the CoCos.  Gregori Karamouzis, head of investor relations at Swedbank in Stockholm, says final approval “is possible during the first quarter” of this year. Using internal ratings would release about 50 billion kronor ($7.8 billion) in risk-weighted assets at the Swedish lender and improve the core Tier 1 ratio by about 2 percentage points, he said in a telephone interview. The lender is considering issuing CoCos, Karamouzis said.   Swedbank, which will be the last of Sweden’s four biggest banks to switch to advanced internal ratings based accounting, is now poised to overtake Svenska Handelsbanken AB as Europe’s best-capitalized lender. Using the new method, Swedbank’s core Tier 1 ratio would rise to about 20 percent of risk-weighted assets, compared with Handelsbanken’s ratio of 18.8 percent, under Basel III regulation, at the end of September.
        ‘Significant Factor’  “An approval would benefit Swedbank if it chooses to issue a contingent-convertible structure,” Thomas Hovard, head of credit research at Danske Bank A/S, said in an interview. “When issuing CoCos, the solvency buffer to the trigger level is a significant factor in determining the spread at issuance.”  Subject to some of the world’s strictest capital rules, Sweden’s biggest banks boast reserves that are more than double the minimum 7 percent Basel requirement that’s due to take effect by 2019. That’s opening up new funding opportunities as investors reward the lenders for protecting them against losses.  The correlation between the capital cushion and the valuation of capital securities is strong, Dominik Winnicki, an analyst at Barclays Plc, said in a note dated Jan. 10. For every 1 percentage point increase in the cushion, there is a tightening of about 20 basis point in bond spreads, he said.  Best Capitalized  “Sweden’s banks are among the best capitalized in Europe,” Barry Donlon, head of DCM capital solutions for Europe, the Middle East and Africa at UBS AG in London, said in an e-mailed response to questions. “Assuming the banks opt for a 5.125 percent or 7 percent trigger, as we have seen in the rest of Europe, the risk of breaching the trigger is extremely remote. Consequently, the bonds could price with coupons as low as 5 percent or 6 percent.”  Swedbank is “considering issuance of new-style CoCos to efficiently fill our solvency buffers,” Karamouzis said. The bank is waiting for clarity on Swedish rules and requirements before making a decision on issuance, a process Karamouzis said the lender hopes to start during the spring.  According to the Swedish financial regulator, banks shouldn’t assume that using internal ratings to asses how risky assets are will always result in lower risk weightings.  It is “important that management and people within risk control maintain this system according to the rules we have and are prepared for the fact that risk-sensitivity under IRB can go in both directions,” Christer Furustedt, head of banking supervision at the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority in Stockholm, said in a telephone interview on Jan. 22.
        ouis Vuitton is introducing more expensive products and opening fewer stores as LVMH’s biggest and most profitable brand seeks to move upscale amid softening demand in Europe and Asia. The transition is going to take some time, Chief Financial Officer Jean-Jacques Guiony has said. Industry sales, which rose at the weakest pace in four years in 2013, according to Bain & Co., could remain under pressure for at least another six months, suitmaker Ermenegildo Zegna SpA has predicted.  LVMH said profit from recurring operations rose 2 percent to 6.02 billion euros ($8.2 billion) in 2013, matching the median of 19 analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg.  “Despite an uncertain economic environment in Europe, LVMH is well-equipped to continue its growth momentum across all business groups in 2014,” the company said in a statement.  Ferragamo Sales  Total 2013 revenue advanced to 29.15 billion euros, LVMH said. Analysts predicted 29.4 billion euros. Sales rose 8 percent on an organic basis, matching estimates.  Competitor Salvatore Ferragamo SpA also reported revenue that met estimates today as sales gained 9 percent in the fourth quarter, and 11 percent in the year, at constant exchange rates.  LVMH is boosting investment in some of its smaller fashion brands and buying stakes in others to help offset slowing growth at Vuitton. It’s also shuffling Vuitton’s management, appointing Delphine Arnault as executive vice president and Nicolas Ghesquiere as artistic director last year.  The perfumes and cosmetics unit also saw an improvement in the fourth quarter, according to Sharma. Organic sales at the division rose 10 percent, with growth accelerating from 5 percent in the first nine months of the year.  Revenue growth also accelerated at the watches and jewelry division, though slowed to 4 percent at the wines & spirits unit, which includes brands such as Dom Perignon champagne.  LVMH fell 0.7 percent to 122.5 euros in Paris trading today. The results were released after markets closed.  To contact the reporter on this story: Andrew Roberts in Paris at  aroberts36@bloomberg.net  To contact the editor responsible for this story: Celeste Perri at  cperri@bloomberg.net          Jan. 2 (Bloomberg) -- Hyundai Motor Co. and Kia Motors Corp., South Korea’s two largest automakers, forecast their weakest sales growth in eight years as competition intensifies and the stronger won hampers exports. The shares fell.  Hyundai and Kia’s combined deliveries will increase 4.1 percent to 7.86 million vehicles in 2014, according to comments made by Chung Mong Koo, chairman of both automakers, to employees during a new year address in Seoul today. That’s the slowest growth since 2006 and falls short of the 8 million units projection based on the average estimate of five analysts surveyed by Bloomberg News.  Chung, 75, said the companies will invest in improving vehicle safety and technology as competition gets fiercer and the global economy reaches a “low growth era.” The forecast comes days after Hyundai announced a leadership change in the U.S., where sales have slumped as the won appreciated more than any major Asian currency in the past six months, gaining about 8 percent against the dollar and 13 percent versus the yen.   “The strong won against the yen that intensifies the competition with Japanese automakers remains a concern for Hyundai and Kia,” Shin Chung Kwan, an analyst at KB Investment & Securities Co. said by phone. “Still, we expect Hyundai and Kia to exceed their sales targets this year and sell about 8 million vehicles combined.”  Seoul-based Hyundai plans to increase sales by 3.8 percent to 4.9 million vehicles this year, while Kia targets to deliver 4.7 percent more at 2.96 million units, the companies said in separate regulatory filings today.  Parts Suppliers  Hyundai slumped 5.1 percent, the most since July 12, to 224,500 won at the close in Seoul trading. Kia dropped 6.1 percent, while parts suppliers Hyundai Wia Corp. and Hyundai Mobis Co. fell 7.4 percent and 4.9 percent, respectively.
        Jan. 15 (Bloomberg) -- TransCanada Corp. Chief Executive Officer Russ Girling said he expects a U.S. environmental impact statement on the Keystone XL pipeline will be released “hopefully in the coming weeks.”  Girling was speaking to reporters in Toronto today after the U.S. State Department said it will give the public more time to comment on the Keystone XL pipeline, which could delay the final decision on a project that has been under review for more than five years.  The department is completing a final environmental assessment of the proposed pipeline to carry oil sands crude from Canada to refineries along the Gulf of Mexico. When that’s released, State Department officials will start a process to determine whether TransCanada’s $5.4 billion project is in the national interest before President Barack Obama makes a final decision.   To contact the reporter on this story: Divya Balji in Toronto at  dbalji1@bloomberg.net  To contact the editor responsible for this story: Joanna Ossinger at  jossinger@bloomberg.net 
        Jan. 30 (Bloomberg) -- Opponents of Keystone XL now want to block its construction by showing that two oil pipelines from Canada to the U.S. are worse than one.  The Sierra Club said TransCanada Corp.’s Keystone and the proposed expansion of Enbridge Inc.’s Alberta Clipper should be reviewed together to account for how the combination would contribute to climate change. The San Francisco-based environmental group filed a petition today with 15 other groups, asking the U.S. State Department to revise its Keystone review.  “If you look at each project in isolation, it doesn’t present the full picture,” Doug Hayes, the Sierra Club lawyer who drafted the petition to Secretary of State John Kerry, said in an interview. “They need to look at the two projects together to see if there will be a climate impact.”   Accepting the petition could lead to further delays in the U.S. review of the Keystone application, which is already in its sixth year. Even if the State Department rejects the Sierra Club’s argument, the petition could be the foundation for a legal challenge, said Ethan Strell, associate director of Center for Climate Change Law at Columbia University in New York.  TransCanada, based in Calgary, said environmentalists will never be happy with the State Department review, which has generated thousands of pages of analysis.
        Asian LNG importers typically purchase spot cargoes from December to March to meet peak heating and power demand during the northern hemisphere winter.  Asian buyers are facing competition from Argentina and Spain for Atlantic cargoes, according to WGI. Argentina’s YPF SA will close a tender today for five cargoes delivered to Bahia Blanca and Recalada, according to three people who received the company’s purchase offer.
        “It’s not related to what’s happening to the international market.”  Emaar declined 2.7 percent to 7.80 dirhams. Dubai Islamic Bank, Dubai’s largest Islamic lender, fell to 5.90 dirhams.  Egypt’s benchmark EGX 30 Index fell 0.2 percent following violence that marked the anniversary of the country’s 2011 uprising. At least 67 people were killed over the past two days in clashes between protesters and police as five bombings struck Cairo.  “The market has proved previously that it’s quite resilient to violence,” Tariq Hussein, the co-head of MENA sales trading at Cairo-based Commercial International Brokerage Co., said by phone. “Terrorism is something we’ll likely be living with for the foreseeable future. How it affects market sentiment will always come down to scale and damage.”
        Presidential elections will be held before parliamentary elections, Interim President Adly Mansour said in a speech today. The government won’t hesitate to take “exceptional” measures if needed to combat terrorism, he said.  Israel Slump  Israel’s TA-25 Index fell 1.5 percent, the most since Aug. 27.
        Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., the world’s biggest maker of generic drugs, lost 2.5 percent to 149.5 shekels, or $42.77, closing the gap to its U.S.-traded shares, which closed at $42.93 on Jan. 24.  Saudi Arabia’s Tadawul All Share Index and Qatar’s benchmark retreated 0.4 percent, while Oman’s fell 0.8 percent and Bahrain’s 0.2 percent. Kuwait’s measure added 0.1 percent.
        An improving job market prompted the Federal Reserve to announce last month it would trim its monthly bond purchases to $75 billion from $85 billion. The jobless rate fell to 7 percent in November, a five-year low, as employers added a greater-than-forecasted 203,000 workers to payrolls.  Regions, led by Chief Executive Officer Grayson Hall, reported a third-quarter drop in profit amid elevated expenses and a decline in mortgage financings. While that’s contributed to the bank’s underperformance the past few months, Regions is now “transitioning to a revenue growth story,” Winter said.  SunTrust Banks Inc. also advanced after Barclays Plc raised its outlook to equalweight from underweight. Shares of Atlanta-based SunTrust gained 1.4 percent to $37.07, the most since Dec. 19. Cleveland-based KeyCorp rose 1.3 percent to $13.49. 
        Alkebulan Ltd., which derives from the ancient pre-Roman name for Africa, will focus on Nigeria, the continent’s biggest oil producer, Managing Partner Andre van der Spuy, who spent 12 years as part of Standard Bank’s investment banking team, said in a phone interview from London on Jan. 17.  The firm’s other partners are Jonty Levin, who worked on the Johannesburg-based bank’s structured finance team, focusing on emerging markets; Sylma du Plessis, who headed its high-yield financing unit; Julian Rennie and Leigh Hall.   “We believe we can use financial structuring techniques to help African companies access the right type of capital,” Van der Spuy said. “We’re focusing on Nigeria. We’ve got about 20 or 25 deals we’re working on right now and some of them are in countries like Senegal, South Africa and Sierra Leone.”  
        Biolitec CEO Skips U.S. Court Battle After Barred Merger  German medical laser maker Biolitec AG and its chief executive officer were sanctioned by a U.S. judge for failing to show up in a lawsuit by an American distributor involving patent infringement, contract claims and a merger allegedly aimed at avoiding a $16.5 million judgment.  The distributor, AngioDynamics Inc., claimed Biolitec diverted assets via the merger with an Austrian unit to avoid the judgment imposed by a New York federal court, according to court papers. 
        The Monetary Authority of Singapore may step up regulations to curb money laundering and terrorism financing risks posed by remittance agents, money changers and some Internet-based payment systems.  Controls on pawnbrokers and corporate service providers such as lawyers and accountants can also be improved, according to a government risk study released today. Singapore authorities are closely monitoring virtual currencies such as Bitcoins that may be used for illegal activities and will consider regulation if needed, according to the report.  “Singapore’s openness as an international transport hub and financial center exposes it to inherent cross-border” money laundering or terrorism financing risks, according to the study. MAS “has put in place a robust preventive regime. Nonetheless, there are areas for further enhancement.”   The risk assessment study comes seven weeks after Singapore police and the bank association urged residents to be wary of fraudsters seeking to use their bank accounts to funnel illegal funds after an increase of reported cases last year.  Remittance agents, who accept funds for transfer to individuals outside Singapore, and money changers operate in “cash-intensive” industries and offer greater risks of money laundering or terrorism financing, according to today’s report.  Total outward remittance from Singapore amounted to S$24.1 billion ($19 billion) in 2012, while inward remittances were S$995 million, the government said in the study. Volumes in the money-changing business that year were S$36.8 billion. The implementation of controls in these industries isn’t as robust as in banks and MAS will ensure “enforcement efforts are further stepped up,” according to the report.  More Powers  The pawnbroking industry had total loans outstanding at over S$1 billion in 2012, the study showed. The number of pawn shops in the city increased to 191 that year from 114 in 2008.  MAS is also considering additional supervisory powers and requirements to bolster “nascent” money laundering and terrorism financing controls for Internet payment companies such as PayPal Inc. or Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.’s Alipay.  Agencies involved in the study included MAS, the customs bureau, the casino regulator, the finance, home affairs and law ministries, and the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority.  Accountants and other corporate service providers can be exposed to money laundering and terrorist financing activities if higher-risk customers hire them to set up complex structures that conceal ownership and reduce the transparency of transactions, according to the study.  Tax Evasion  Singapore’s central bank is stepping up its anti-money laundering rules in line with global regulations following U.S. authorities’ investigation of several Swiss banks for their dealings on behalf of American clients. MAS made it a crime last July for clients to use financial institutions to evade tax.  UBS AG and Credit Suisse Group AG, Switzerland’s largest banks, are among firms implicated in a U.S. crackdown since 2008 on offshore tax evasion that led to charges against about 70 American taxpayers and 30 bankers, lawyers and advisers.  The U.S. charged UBS in 2009 with aiding tax evasion by thousands of American clients. The Zurich-based bank avoided prosecution by paying a $780 million penalty, admitting it fostered tax evasion and agreeing to hand over data on client accounts to U.S. tax officials.  Private Banking  Risks for private banks operating in Singapore are lower than those for full banks because they have fewer clients, less physical cash transactions and more checks when customers open accounts, according to today’s report. Singapore is Asia’s largest private banking center with offshore assets of about $800 billion, Boston Consulting Group data show as of September.  In Singapore, the number of reported cases of illegitimate cash being given to so-called money mules to hand over to a third party increased to 133 in the first nine months of last year, up from 93 for all of 2012, local police, the bank association and the National Crime Prevention Council said in November. The amount of illegal monies in those cases fell to S$15.5 million from 2012’s S$24.6 million. 
        