
 “Through strong organic growth as well as selective strategic acquisitions and partnerships,” Perrette said in the statement, “Mark and the team have built Discovery Networks International’s unrivaled footprint with powerful brands that are valued by viewers, advertisers and distribution partners around the world” Discovery has also been looking to new technologies for growth and in 2012 acquired online-video startup Revision3 for an undisclosed amount as part of a strategy to own and distribute reality programming.
 medical-services company Apria Healthcare Group Inc was acquired in 2008 by Blackstone Group LP.
 Hale Global acquired a majority stake in Patch for an undisclosed amount.
 Pentair acquired Tyco International Ltd’s flow-control division in 2012.
 United Spirits in 2007 acquired Whyte & Mackay, gaining brands including W&M Scotch, Jura, Dalmore single highland malt and Vladivar vodka.
 It also acquired Pharmaceutical Product Development Inc.
 Court Square Capital Partners LP, a New York-based private equity firm, acquired Wyle in 2009.
 “There’s a general improvement in confidence” Failing Strategy NAB, Australia’s fourth-largest bank based on its market value yesterday of A$806 billion ($71 billion), acquired Clydesdale in 1987.
 In 2004, NAB opted to sell Irish assets acquired through the Clydesdale deal to Danske Bank A/S for 967 million pounds and increase investment in Britain.
 The carrier already spent more than $10 billion to buy Germany’s Kabel Deutschland Holding AG last year after it acquired UK.
 An Apollo fund acquired 85 percent of Altamira, which manages foreclosed assets and handles loan recoveries in Spain, Santander said in a statement in Madrid today.
 Leucadia, which acquired Jefferies last year, rose 53 cents, or 2 percent, to $2756 in New York.
 In 1987, Holloway was promoted to president and chief executive officer of Equitable Investment Corp, overseeing the real-estate group and the brokerage unit Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Inc, which Equitable had acquired in 1984.
 Smithfield, which was acquired in September by China’s largest pork producer, Shuanghui International Holdings, is “refreshing” its antibiotics policy and says its usage varies each year based on weather, illnesses, and other factors, says spokeswoman Keira Lombardo.
 Last month, the world’s largest database maker acquired Responsys Inc.
 Those shares were canceled after Oracle acquired the company, in exchange for rights to receive a portion of the future performance-based payment, investors contend in court papers.
 Panasonic, based in Osaka, acquired a 149 percent stake in Tokyo-based Epco in 2009, according to the statement.
 Verizon acquired Hughes Telematics Inc.
 Marubeni Corp, a Japanese trading company, acquired a 90 percent stake in a Solano County, California, wind project from EDF Renewable Energy.
 A group led by Apollo acquired EP Energy, El Paso Corp’s oil and natural gas exploration business, in 2012 for $715 billion in the second-biggest private equity takeover of an energy producer.
 F&C Asset Management Plc, manager of the UK’s oldest investment fund, said it’s in talks to be acquired by Bank of Montreal for about 697 million pounds ($12 billion).
 Freeport acquired Plains Exploration & Production Co.
 It injected an additional $100 million when Aptalis, based in Bridgewater, New Jersey, acquired Eurand NV for about $590 million in 2011.
 The company, which acquired MakerBot in August, “would be a potentially attractive target for anyone looking to make a big splash within the space,” Angelo Zino, a New York-based analyst at S&P Capital IQ, said in a phone interview.
 Clearwire agreed to be acquired by Sprint, which sold the majority of its shares to Japan’s SoftBank Corp.
 The agency said there was suspicious trading of call option contracts on the day before the company announced an agreement to be acquired by an investment group involving Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
 and James Richardson & Sons Ltd, is transferring private wealth offices in Ottawa, Montreal and Victoria that it acquired from Macquarie Group Ltd.
 Fiat SpA acquired full control of its Chrysler Group LLC unit in the US, setting the stage for the Italian carmaker to form a manufacturer with the scale to better challenge the biggest players in the auto industry.
 The Kyoto, Japan-based company said in a statement yesterday that it acquired the entire patent portfolio of IA Labs, which sued Nintendo for infringement in April 2010.
 When it acquired a Bermuda address through an acquisition in 2007, Argonaut accelerated its top executives’ awards to avoid the tax, recording an estimated $105 million expense, according to a securities filing.
 In 2012, Beijing-based ICBC acquired 80 percent of Standard Bank’s Argentine unit.
 Buyout firms Hellman & Friedman and Stone Point Capital acquired Memphis, Tennessee-based Sedgwick in 2010 for about $11 billion from Fidelity National Financial Inc.
 La Caisse, Canada’s second-largest pension fund, acquired half of Dong Energy A/S’s 50 percent stake in the London Array-1 venture off southern England, according to a statement today.
 Icahn Stake EBay, whose online marketplace sells everything from motorcycles to golf clubs via auctions and at fixed prices, acquired PayPal in 2002 to add online-payment services.
 The explorer, acquired by Vedanta Resources Plc for $867 billion in 2011, plans to spend $3 billion in the next three years to discover oil pools and boost production at its biggest fields, located in the north-western state of Rajasthan.
 Liberty Global would also be less likely to overbid, she said, given the fact it also acquired the UK’s Virgin Media Inc.
 Third Point LLC, the hedge fund founded by activist investor Daniel Loeb, bought a stake in wireless carrier T-Mobile US Inc, betting that the company could be acquired by Sprint Corp.
 Bridgepoint acquired Diaverum from Gambro Holding AB in July 2007 using 515 billion kronor ($785 million) of debt that starts to mature this year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
 Alnylam also said last week that it acquired some experimental RNAi drugs from Merck & Co.
 The assets Alnylam acquired from Merck last week had belonged to a company called Sirna Therapeutics Inc, also focused on RNAi, that Merck bought for $11 billion in 2006.
 SoftBank acquired control of Overland Park, Kansas-based Sprint last year in a $216 billion deal and agreed in October to pay $126 billion for a majority stake in Brightstar.
 Court Square Capital Partners LP, a New York-based private equity firm, acquired Wyle in 2009.
 The Blues today acquired defender Kurt Zouma from France’s Saint-Etienne, for a fee of about 125 million pounds according to the Daily Mail.
 Shares of Sina have jumped 62 percent after Alibaba acquired the stake.
 Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd, which acquired a stake in Bega in November, hasn’t approached the dairy producer over any takeover, Irvin said.
 Over the phone) In 2009, BlackRock acquired a group called Scientific Active Equities, or SAE, which currently runs about $80 billion of BlackRock's $41 trillion.
 In early 2012, Ion Torrent, which was acquired by Carlsbad, California-based Life Technologies Corp, reported it had a machine capable of the $1,000 genome in hand.
 BAE acquired Detica Group Plc in 2008 for 531 million pounds ($868 million) to augment its more traditional combat-jet and naval-ship sales as militaries in the US.
 Carl Icahn has acquired $36 billion in shares in Apple Inc, and is lobbying CEO Tim Cook to funnel more of its cash into large share repurchases.
 Retailer Edcon Holdings (Pty) Ltd, acquired in 2007 by Bain Capital Partners LLC for $25 billion, may consider a listing, according to Chris Gilmour, an analyst at Absa Asset Management Private Clients.
 The bank acquired the Swiss unit of ABN Amro Bank NV in 2011, bought Nexar Capital Group, an alternative investment manager, in 2012, and added Lloyds’s international private banking business last year.
 Saks was acquired by Hudson’s Bay Co, a middle-market Canadian department store chain, for $24 billion in November.
 It was acquired by Martinez in a private sale for $12 million more than five years ago, one of the people said.
 ‘SNL’ Skit Mayer, whose presentation included a short news skit with cast members from “Saturday Night Live,” also shared the stage with David Karp, founder of blogging service Tumblr Inc, which Yahoo acquired for more than $1 billion last year.
 Motorola Mobility filed the application in July 2012, two months after it was acquired by Mountain View, California-based Google.
 Pacific Bell’s parent company was acquired in 1997 by SBC Communications Inc, and in 2005 SBC bought AT&T Corp.
 The operator of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange also announced that its market data services division has acquired Impendium Systems, a London-based firm that uses cloud-based software to help customers comply with regulations in Europe, North America and the Asia-Pacific region.
 (CMCSA) acquired AT&T Broadband in 2001 for about $72 billion.
 Sprint Corp, which was acquired by SoftBank last year, expects to book a charge of about $165 million in the fourth quarter for costs related to severance payments.
 It was developed by Scientific Active Equities, an investment group within Barclays Global Investors, which BlackRock acquired in 2009.
 Breca Group bought Chilean cement producer Melon SA in 2009 while Grana y Montero SA acquired Enersis Compania Americana de Multiservicios in 2011, and Vial y Vives Ingenieria in 2012.
 Symantec acquired its way into that business with the $102 billion purchase of Veritas Software Corp.
 AMG, the Beverly, Massachusetts-based company that owns stakes in more than two dozen money managers, acquired the firm in 2010.
 The purchase is Genesee & Wyoming’s first since August 2012, when it acquired RailAmerica Inc.
 CNBC today reported that Icahn may have acquired 30 million to 40 million shares in the Park Ridge, New Jersey-based company.
 Philadelphia Energy Solutions, the refinery’s operator, is a joint venture of Carlyle Group LP and Sunoco Inc, which was acquired by Energy Transfer Partners LP in October 2012.
 ICE, the energy and commodity futures bourse in Atlanta, acquired NYSE Euronext last year, which enabled it to expand into interest-rate futures.
 Founded in 1965, Brookstone was acquired in 2005 by a group led by Osim, Asia’s biggest maker of massage chairs, in a $422 million deal.
 Spending Binge Dubai Financial Group LLC, a unit of Dubai Group, acquired a 40 percent stake in Bank Islam for $224 million in October 2006.
 3i acquired Scandlines, a ferry operator in the Baltic and Basic-Fit, a European gym-owner.
 Johnson and Chen both joined SAP when it acquired their previous company, Sybase Inc, in 2010.
 In August 2011, Skowron admitted using secret tips he got from a French physician to help FrontPoint avoid more than $30 million in trading losses on Human Genome Sciences Inc, a Rockville, Maryland, pharmaceutical firm that was acquired by GlaxoSmithKline Plc.
 Symantec acquired its way into that business with the $102 billion purchase of Veritas Software Corp.
 Bank of America acquired Countrywide in 2008.
 NYSE was acquired by Atlanta-based IntercontinentalExchange Group Inc.