The closely held company completed a four-way merger nine days before the leak was discovered.
UniCredit, which also returned its banking licenses in the Baltics and merged its Czech and Slovak units last year, isn’t looking at further retrenchment in the region as its recovery is beginning to gain speed now, Papa said.
Lampert merged Kmart Holding Corp
Austrian Merger Biolitec merged with its Austrian unit on March 15, the company said in a statement last year.
He opened the office for what was then Ross, Dixon & Bell and continued to serve as managing partner after the firm merged with Troutman Sanders in 2009.
Bank Merger Hayashi, 56, became deputy president of the company’s corporate banking unit in April last year, three months before it merged with the retail lending arm to form Mizuho Bank.
Siemens AG merged its small and large gas turbine operations and carved out a separate energy sales unit in October, saying utilities are no longer the only customers.
As an executive vice president at Star Banc Corp, he oversaw its 1998 merger with Firstar Corp.
Knight last year merged with high-frequency trading firm Getco LLC, which held a stake in Bats, to form KCG.
Hitachi has merged units, pared costs and cut television output under Hiroaki Nakanishi, the current president, to help improve competitiveness against Siemens AG and General Electric Co.
The Tokyo-based company has over the past three years sold its hard-disk drive business and announced that they have merged the energy-equipment businesses with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd.
Vedanta completed the sale through unit Sterlite Industries (India) Ltd, which in August was merged with iron ore miner Sesa Goa Ltd.
Marchionne estimated in June that a merged Fiat and Chrysler will rank seventh in global deliveries.
Itau will inject $652 million of capital and merge its Chilean and Colombian units with Corpbanca, according to a statement today.
Sergio Marchionne’s five-year effort to merge Fiat SpA and Chrysler Group LLC culminated in a Florida beach town, where the workaholic chief executive officer spent hours nailing a deal that was announced New Year’s Day.
“Now the merger of Fiat and Chrysler is a done deal” A time line for the combination may be outlined in late January, when Fiat’s board meets, said two people familiar with the situation.
Zachodni, which completed a merger with Kredyt Bank SA in January last year to become the country’s biggest lender after state-controlled PKO Bank Polski SA and UniCredit SpA’s Bank Pekao SA, is benefiting from continued demand for retail loans in the European Union’s largest eastern economy.
In the last few weeks, T-Mobile, the fourth-biggest mobile-phone company in the US, has been linked in merger speculation with Sprint Corp, the third-largest.
Iron ore mining accounted for 98 percent of earnings at Sesa Goa Ltd, which in August merged with sister company and zinc, copper and aluminum producer Sterlite Industries (India) Ltd.
Delta, adjusted for its 2008 merger with Northwest Airlines Corp, last had a first-quarter operating margin at that level in 1998, according to Jamie Baker, a JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Japan’s main exchange operator, formed last year from the merger of the Tokyo and Osaka bourses, will start trading JPX-Nikkei Index 400 futures this year, Hiromi Yamaji, head of the Osaka Securities Exchange, said in an interview.
Fiat SpA Chief Executive Officer Sergio Marchionne plans to propose to the carmaker’s board that the New York Stock Exchange be the primary market for shares of the company created from a merger with Chrysler Group LLC, people familiar with the matter said.
Warburg brand, the advisory business founded by Siegmund Warburg, said Wheeler, a name that disappeared after the merger between Union Bank of Switzerland and Swiss Bank Corp.
Suning, Zoomlion United Biscuits, based in Hayes, England, was created in 1948 from the merger of two Scottish companies, McVitie & Price and MacFarlane Lang.
A merger should tighten cooperation between Fiat’s Alfa Romeo and Maserati brands and the Chrysler, Dodge and Jeep nameplates.





