Scientific Active Equities applied the scientific method to the process of calling up analysts and saying "so, how're things," and realized that they could save some time by sending analysts quarterly or monthly electronic surveys saying "so, how're things, on a scale of 1 to 9?" (Specifically, the survey asked analysts for nuance that couldn't be found in public reports: how likely a company was to be acquired, or whether earnings were more likely to beat the analyst's expectations or miss them) SAE would average the analysts' responses and use them as a trading signal; "survey based signals were generally weighted approximately 5% in SAE's quantitive trading models" So far so good, really, but there were some problems.
 Saracen Mineral Holdings Ltd, an Australian gold producer, will seek to restart mines acquired from OAO GMK Norilsk Nickel in 18 months after completing the deal worth as much as A$40 million ($35 million).
 Norilsk, the world’s biggest nickel producer, acquired the mines through the $64 billion takeover of LionOre Mining International Ltd.
 Super may be more likely to buy assets than be acquired, said Yeo, the DBS analyst.
 Colony American Homes Inc, which has acquired more than 15,000 homes, is also preparing a rental-home bond.
Wealthy individuals are making money in a bullish auction market for trophy art by offering desirable works they’ve acquired, either for a quick flip or to sell longtime holdings high.
Existing permits that were legally acquired “remain valid and are renegotiated in the 36 months from the date the law is enacted,” the draft says.
 Earnings Estimates Under the BlackRock survey, data sought included analyst views on the likelihood of a surprise to their forecasted earnings estimate and the possibility a company they cover would be acquired in a merger, according to the agreement.
Consumer Goods “Resources is a sector where we have acquired a number of assets in past years,” Mahanyele said.
Dish, which acquired the chain out of bankruptcy in 2011, decided to close the final 300 US.The retailer said today in a statement that the move would trigger its shareholder rights plan -- or poison pill -- if investors acquired more than 49 percent of the shares, down from 10 percent previously.
 to force it to license patents acquired from Nortel Networks Inc.
 Wealthy individuals are making money in a bullish auction market for trophy art by offering desirable works they’ve acquired, either for a quick flip or to sell longtime holdings high.
 He said Verizon is making a 38 percent profit on the airwaves it acquired in a government auction.
 Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said in October that Apple acquired 15 companies in the fiscal year ended in September, compared with five known deals in the previous one.
“Investors see high quality just outside major metros,” said Tim Wang, head of research at Clarion, which acquired buildings in Arlington, Virginia, and Brookline, Massachusetts, last year.
 Dozens Sued Soverain, a Chicago-based seller of e-commerce software, acquired the patents and sued dozens of companies that it said used the technology without paying royalties.
The acquired businesses will add about 200 employees to Buffett’s company, Noel said.
 It acquired Kabel Deutschland Holding AG for more than $10 billion in October and is seeking to buy Grupo Corporativo ONO SA, the Spanish cable operator that is preparing for an initial public offering, two people familiar with the matter said.sublime
 Together with Apotheker, who was forced out in September 2011, Lane oversaw the company’s $103 billion acquisition of Autonomy, which resulted in an $88 billion writedown and investigations of accounting fraud.
 The firm said earnings would also include a higher-than-expected effective tax rate, increased severance and other operating expenses following consolidation and a $5 million expense related to the firm’s acquisition of fund-of-hedge-funds unit Fauchier Partners, according to the statement.
 can’t for now rely on an insurer to pay $20 million to help settle shareholder claims over the software maker’s acquisition of a company controlled by Oracle founder Larry Ellison, a judge concluded.
 The acquisition of Nest, almost double what Google paid for YouTube in 2006, also provides the biggest payback to date for the search provider’s own venture-capital arm.
 “An international governance structure and listings will complete this vision” Fiat won’t pay a dividend, to maintain liquidity after the acquisition of Auburn Hills, Michigan-based Chrysler, Marchionne told analysts on a conference call.
 Spiegel last year turned down a $3 billion acquisition offer from Facebook Inc, a person familiar with the matter has said, inciting questions about whether Snapchat can reach that value on its own.
 Australia & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd, the country’s most Asia-focused lender, could explore an acquisition of Standard Chartered Plc, although a combination is unlikely, Citigroup Inc.
 AT&T executives were laying the groundwork internally for a potential acquisition of Vodafone this year, people with knowledge of the matter told Bloomberg News in November.
 xecutives of Dallas-based AT&T were laying the groundwork internally for a potential acquisition of Vodafone this year, people with knowledge of the matter told Bloomberg News in November.
 The acquisition of the company’s units by Energisa SA was approved, Brazil electricity regulator head Romeu Rufino said today in Brasilia.
 United Bankshares Inc, based in Parkersburg, West Virginia, delayed its acquisition of Virginia Commerce Bancorp Inc.