Colombia’s top producer Cerrejon, jointly owned by BHP, Glencore and Anglo American Plc, has completed its system for direct loading of coal.
ABN AMRO is now owned by Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc.
Freedom Industries’ equity is 100 percent owned by Chemstream Holdings Inc, according to court filings.
Ergen is accused of surreptitiously buying debt in LightSquared, the wireless broadband provider owned by Philip Falcone, to hijack its reorganization and gain control of its airwaves.
GlobalFoundries, owned by Abu Dhabi-based Mubadala Development Co, said it’s spending an additional $9 billion to $10 billion on plants and equipment over the next two years to boost its capacity.
The S/R American Progress, a Jones Act tanker owned by Exxon Mobil Corp’s SeaRiver Maritime Inc, left Los Angeles on Jan.
Hoover’s Inc, a business-information service owned by Dun & Bradstreet Corp.
New York-based Arbiter, which said in court filings it owned 77 percent of Maxxam’s shares, alleged in its complaint that Maxxam directors approved “self-dealing transactions” that provided excessive compensation to Hurwitz.
Taco Bell is owned by Yum Brands Inc.
VMware, majority-owned by EMC Corp, makes virtualization software that lets customers combine multiple applications on a single machine.
Clydesdale Bank, the Glasgow, Scotland-based lender owned by NAB, is expanding profit margins on its loans at the same time that mortgage demand is rising and defaults are shrinking.
Akbank TAS, the lender part-owned by Citigroup Inc, and state-run Turkiye Halk Bankasi AS each gained more than 54 percent.
Ellison owned 55 percent of Pillar, a closely held provider of data-storage systems.
Education Management Co, the education chain partly owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc;
Renesas, which is 69 percent owned by Innovation Network Corp.
Volvo Cars, the Swedish maker of premium vehicles owned by China’s Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co, posted a 32 percent jump in European sales in December.
The largest coal producer in Colombia is Cerrejon, a venture owned by Anglo American Plc, Glencore Xstrata Plc and BHP Billiton Plc, three of the world’s biggest mining companies.
EmCare was owned by Canadian buyout firm Onex Corp.
Fiat, which owned 585 percent of Chrysler before to the full takeover this month, relies on the US.
Unisource is owned by private-equity firm Bain Capital LLC and paper producer Georgia-Pacific LLC.
Net income at Hindustan Zinc Ltd, which is also owned by Sesa, rose 7 percent to 172 billion rupees, compared with a median profit estimate of 175 billion rupees.
Sales Growth Red Bull, owned by Austria’s Red Bull GmbH, and Monster have the largest share of the global energy drink market, according to Thomas Mullarkey, a Chicago-based analyst at Morningstar Inc.
Now owned by closely-held Spanish company Grupo Villar Mir, FerroPem “pays less than 30 euros a megawatt hour,” he said in a phone interview, declining to give the precise price.
Porsche, the maker of the 911 sports car that’s also owned by Volkswagen, reported a 15 percent increase in 2013 sales to 162,145 cars and SUVs.
Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa, owned by Boyd Gaming Corp.
The measure rose 41 basis points last week for a second straight week of increases, according to CMA, which is owned by McGraw-Hill Cos.
“We decided to do distribution ourselves rather than letting someone else be in charge” SB Power, a wholly owned unit of SB Energy Corp.
Grupo Iusacell SA, a phone operator co-owned by Ricardo Salinas and Grupo Televisa SAB, asked Mexico’s regulator to impose new rules to rein in America Movil SAB’s dominance in the market.
Diaverum AB, the dialysis-clinic operator owned by Bridgepoint, is planning to raise about 900 million euros ($12 billion) of debt to help refinance loans and build its business.
SouthGobi is 56 percent-owned by Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
BNSF is owned by Berkshire Hathaway Inc.