DuPont is pursuing “smaller” acquisitions with geographic significance, such as last year’s purchase of Pannar Seed Ltd,Africa’s largest seed producer, the CEO said.

A court in India’s Karnataka state last month ruled Diageo’s purchase of a stake in United Spirits void, after a petition filed by creditor banks.

Vodafone’s purchase in October of German cable provider Kabel Deutschland illustrated the telecom company’s commitment to TV, Hartley said.

Following the South African unit’s purchase of Barclays’s operations in eight African countries last year, the investment bank has access to offices, customers, staff and information in nations including Kenya, Ghana, Mozambique and Botswana.

Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc, the largest publicly traded copper producer, raised $7 billion of loans in February to back its purchase of Plains Exploration & Production Co.

The increase in California land values has sparked deals including Toll Brothers Inc’s agreement in November to purchase Shapell Industries Inc’s homebuilding business for about $16 billion.

Pacific Bell purchased the land from Sunset in 1983 and developed the office complex.

Caesars is building a convention center in Atlantic City and in December purchased the property and fixtures of the Atlantic Club, which ceased operations this month.

Shuanghui closed in September on a $47 billion purchase of Smithfield Foods Inc, the world’s largest pork processor.

Symantec acquired its way into that business with the $102 billion purchase of Veritas Software Corp.

The purchase is Genesee & Wyoming’s first since August 2012, when it acquired RailAmerica Inc.

Hanlong, based in Chengdu, owns 14 percent of Sundance, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, and a purchase of the rest of Sundance would have given it control of the Mbalam iron ore project straddling the Republic of Congo and Cameroon.

Legal Impact Greenlight purchased Anadarko shares at an average of $7855 in mid-December after investors “dumped” the stock when a federal judge ruled that the company may have to pay $5 billion to $14 billion in a lawsuit, according to the letter.

Now the wider push has put Pasadena, California, where East West Bank and Downtown Properties bought Plaza Las Fuentes at a 57 percent cap rate in July, and Scottsdale, Arizona, where Oaktree Capital Management LP purchased the Republic Services Corp.

“You will see some in Power & Water going forward” In April, the world’s largest maker of jet engines and medical scanners agreed to purchase Lufkin Industries Inc, a maker of oilfield machinery, for $33 billion to bolster its rapidly growing oil and gas division.