Nokia is currently seeking a new CEO after Stephen Elop stepped down following the September announcement that the handset unit is being sold to Microsoft Corp.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey kept ownership of the complex until 2001, when it was sold to Larry Silverstein’s Silverstein Properties Inc, just two months before the twin towers were destroyed by terrorists.
AB InBev, the world’s biggest beermaker, is buying back a business it sold to KKR in 2009 for $18 billion when it sought to cut debt following InBev NV’s $52 billion takeover of Anheuser-Busch Cos.
PNC reached an $89 million settlement with Freddie Mac last month over mortgages sold to the government-backed firm in the years leading up to the credit crisis.
“Although I like drinking beer, I’ve never really had a chance to try craft beers as they’re still hard to find” Paying More AB InBev said this week it is paying $58 billion for Oriental Brewery, a business it sold to KKR & Co.
The Islamic loan was secured by a 3047 percent stake in Bank Islam Malaysia Bhd, which was sold to Kuala Lumpur-listed BIMB Holding Bhd on Dec.
Leuven, Belgium-based AB InBev is seeking to regain a business it sold to KKR in 2009 for $18 billion in a bid to cut debt following InBev NV’s $52 billion takeover of Anheuser-Busch Cos.
Google’s Motorola Mobility unit, which is being sold to Lenovo Group Ltd.
He invested in ImClone Systems Inc, which was sold to Eli Lilly & Co.
In 2008 for $63 billion, and Genzyme Corp, sold to Sanofi for $194 billion in 2011, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
Anaren was eventually sold to private-equity firm Veritas Capital for $333 million.
The Nuerburgring, the German racetrack known as Green Hell for its challenging Formula Onecourse, was sold to Capricorn Group, an auto parts maker basedin Dusseldorf.
JSC Commercial Bank DNB Bank will be sold to Asokerco Trading Limited LLC, owned by the majority shareholder in B&N Bank JSC, Mikail Shishkhanov, DNB said.
The Daqing Steel, sold to local managers in 1994, was bought by China’s Sinosteel in 2007, according to Zimasco’s Website.
Nokia yesterday reported first-quarter net income, excluding the business sold to Microsoft, of 108 million euros, compared with a loss a year earlier.
 Permira’s prior investments include cosmetic-additive maker Cognis, sold to BASF SE for $38 billion in 2010.
Safran SA was fined 86 million euros and must share another 123,500-euro fine with Silec Cable SAS which it has since sold to General Cable.
GE made concessions, including a pledge to the EU to avoid any business involving the Typhoon combat jet sold to Euro Max.
Zale Corp, which in February agreed to be sold to Signet Jewelers Ltd, gave out their financial report last week.
Plant Pledge In 2010, Cadbury agreed to be sold to Kraft for 117 billion pounds, creating the world’s largest confectionery company.







