Charter, backed by Malone, is preparing a takeover offer of about $135 a share for Time Warner Cable, people familiar with the situation have said.
Forest Laboratories Inc, the maker of the Alzheimer’s drug Namenda, raised $18 billion with a two-part bond offering to fund the takeover of Aptalis Pharma, more than doubling its debt.
Apple sales rose 81 percent to 185 billion euros, boosted by the takeover of light-source manufacturer Cymer Inc.
Statoil has already made forays into North America through takeovers, spending $45 billion to acquire Austin, Texas-based Brigham Exploration Co.
 AB InBev, the world’s biggest beermaker, sold it to KKR in 2009 for $18 billion when it sought to cut debt following InBev NV’s $52 billion takeover of Anheuser-Busch Cos.
The company XYZ agreed in July to a $39 billion takeover by Community Health Systems Inc, the second-biggest US.
Fiat, which owned 585 percent of Chrysler before to the full takeover this month, relies on the US.
 Statoil, Norway’s national oil company, has analyzed Tullow as a potential takeover target, one of the people familiar with the matter said late yesterday.
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc’s $23 billion equity sale in June helped fund its takeover of Bausch & Lomb Holdings Inc, Empire Co’s C$184 billion ($173 billion) offering of subscription receipts helped pay for its purchase of Safeway Inc’s Canadian stores, and Fortis Inc’s C$159 billion debenture sale last month went toward its purchase of Tucson, Arizona-based UNS Energy Corp.
Valeant has expanded in skin care, eye care and medical devices with the takeovers of Obagi Medical Products Inc, Bausch & Lomb and Solta Medical Inc.
The shakeup follows a new delay in M&T’s $37 billion takeover of New Jersey-based Hudson City, announced in August 2012.
The activist investor is probably trying to draw competing bids for Riverbed with its $19-a-share takeover offer, said stockholder Parnassus Investments.
Elliott’s takeover offer for Riverbed would include a go-shop period to allow the board to seek competing offers, and the hedge fund said it may boost its own bid after conducting due diligence.
The tighter cooperation follows Fiat SpA’s full takeover of Chrysler and its move to create a combined company.
Overseas Expansion “I don’t think it would be fair to make the comparison that since DBS and Dao Heng was so disastrously bad, this one is also going to be as bad,” said Macquarie’s Smith, referring to a possible takeover of Wing Hang by OCBC.
Jazz also sells Prialt, a chronic pain medicine inherited from the takeover of Azur Pharma Ltd.
Shoppers Biggest The biggest takeovers of 2013 were in retail, led by Loblaw Cos’s July bid to buy Shoppers Drug Mart Corp, Canada’s largest drug-store chain, for $13 billion including debt, the data show.
 The $6 billion purchase of Neiman Marcus Inc, a Dallas-based luxury chain, by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and Ares Management LLC was the second-largest, with Empire Co’s $569 billion takeover of Safeway Inc’s Canadian grocery stores ranking third.
Elliott’s targeting of Juniper follows a takeover offer last week for another networking company, Riverbed Technology Inc.
Cheese restaurant chain, agreed to a takeover by an affiliate of Apollo Global Management LLC in a transaction valued at $13 billion, including debt.
Charter Communications Inc, backed by billionaire backer John Malone, is preparing a takeover offer of about $135 a share for Time Warner Cable Inc, according to a person familiar with the matter.
AB InBev’s takeover of Oriental Brewery stems from its previous sale of the asset to KKR & Co.
Logista was acquired by Imperial in 2008 as part of the 126 billion-euro ($17 billion) takeover of cigarette maker Altadis SA.
Myer Benefit Myer shareholders would benefit from a takeover of David Jones, even if the company paid a 30 percent premium, Michael Simotas, a Sydney-based analyst at Deutsche Bank, said in a Jan.
