 During Lane’s tenure as chairman, Hewlett-Packard wrestled with missed sales forecasts, an ill-fated decision to explore a spinoff of the personal computer division and a disastrous acquisition of software maker Autonomy Corp.
  Tapering will continue to weigh on emerging markets” Brazil’s Ibovespa fell for the fourth time in five days as Itau Unibanco Holding SA slumped after announcing the acquisition of Corpbanca SA in Chile.
  Oi SA’s acquisition of Portugal Telecom SGPS SA, a $143 billion deal announced in October, was the biggest of 2013, followed by the $831 billion concession to develop and maintain Galeao airport at Rio de Janeiro city, won by a consortium led by Odebrecht SA and Changi Airport Group Singapore Pte Ltd.
 He cited Pearson Plc’s acquisition of Grupo Multi, the owner of English schools including Wizard, Yazigi, Microlins and Skill, for $505 million plus 250 million reais in debt, a deal that was announced on Dec.
 KKR’s debt business is poised to expand further with the acquisition of Avoca Capital, a European credit-investment manager with about $8 billion of assets.
 Sysco said the acquisition of Rosemont, Illinois-based US Foods will boost its share of the US.
 Big Gains The gain on the Nest investment is one of the largest to date for Shasta Ventures, whose other payoffs have included Intuit Inc’s acquisition of Mint in 2009 and Citrix System Inc’s purchase of Zenprise.
 Liberty Global Plc is putting the final touches on an acquisition of Dutch broadband provider Ziggo NV as the cable company expands its European operations, according to people with knowledge of the matter.
 Google Inc’s sale of Motorola Mobility holds a clear lesson for Microsoft Corp’s acquisition of another smartphone maker, Nokia Oyj.
 Microsoft is on track to close its $74 billion acquisition of Nokia’s handset business this quarter, seeking to regain lost ground in a market where its 37 percent share is eclipsed by Android and Apple Inc’s iPhone.
 “We are working hard to get the early stages up to the pipeline, but the payback on these investments will not be in the next two years” Merck’s 2007 acquisition of Swiss biotechnology company Serono for 166 billion Swiss francs ($182 billion) hasn’t paid off.
  Malone’s Liberty Global Plc is putting the final touches on an acquisition of Dutch broadband provider Ziggo NV, people familiar with the matter said this month.
 Before the acquisition of Belo, newspaper publishing revenue of $37 billion accounted for about 70 percent of Gannett’s revenue and 43 percent of its operating income in 2012.
 Only Pfizer Inc’s $642 billion deal for Wyeth LLC in 2009 and Verizon Communications Inc’s $130 billion acquisition of Vodafone Group Plc’s Verizon Wireless stake last year top the value of Charter’s offer.
 Telcordia Takeover The tall, blond Swede, who seldom wears a tie and is quick to grab a white-board marker to expound the virtues of mobileconnectivity, has expanded Ericsson’s services offering with the 2012 acquisition of Telcordia Technologies for $115 billion and more recently Microsoft’s own Media room TV business.
 The deal also includes technology from Hewlett-Packard’s 2007 acquisition of Bitfone Corp, a maker of device-management software.
 Actavis Plc announced the acquisition of Warner Chilcott for $78 billion on May 20 and completed the deal on October 1.
 GE’s acquisition of the Thermo Fisher assets is expected to close in the first half of this year, pending regulatory approval.
 The Silver Spring, Maryland-based company, which owns Animal Planet and TLC channels, bought the initial stake in Eurosport a year ago, around the same time it announced the acquisition of ProSiebenSat1’s SBS Nordic unit, which operates stations in Norway, Denmark and Sweden.
 Cravath Swaine & Moore LLP and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz are legal advisers in Martin Marietta Materials Inc’s $27 billion acquisition of cement maker Texas Industries Inc.
  Schneider last month completed the acquisition of Invensys。
 Exxon’s June 2010 acquisition of shale-gas explorer XTO has been criticized by analysts including Brian Youngberg of Edward Jones & Co.
 Fitch said today that the acquisition of Veyance will not have an immediate impact on Continental’s ratings.
 Medtronic Inc, the world’s biggest maker of heart-rhythm devices, said fiscal third-quarter profit fell 23 percent after it took a charge for the 2010 acquisition of Ardian Inc.
 Deals Latham, Wachtell Take Prominent Role in Actavis-Forest Deal Latham & Watkins LLP advised Actavis Plc in its $25 billion stock and cash acquisition of Forest Laboratories Inc, which was represented by Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz.
 Google Inc’s $32 billion acquisition of Nest Labs, announced last month, gives the search giant access to Web-connected thermostats and smoke alarms and data on customers who track their energy use online.
 “With the acquisition of T-Mobile, SoftBank will be the second-largest mobile-phone company in the world,” Tomoaki Kawasaki, an analyst at Iwai Cosmo Holdings Inc.
 “The acquisition of Global Index Advisors today will allow us to accelerate our expansion in the US,” said Mark Zinkula, CEO of L&G’s investment unit in London.
 Rosneft’s March acquisition of TNK-BP increased its prior year’s earnings by more than 50 percent, the Moscow-based company said yesterday.
Verizon will use the proceeds from selling the bonds to finance its acquisition of Vodafone’s stake in Verizon Wireless, according to an offer document for the securities.
The agreement, which builds on VMware’s October acquisition of Desktone Inc, is intended to boost Google’s efforts to persuade corporate customers to choose its low-priced Chromebooks rather than Windows machines, VMware said in a statement.
