Allianz Real Estate, the property investing arm of Europe’s largest insurer, plans to buy the Koe Galerie shopping mall in Dusseldorf from Blackstone Group LP, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.

Suntory Holdings Ltd, which last week agreed to buy Beam Inc.

Diageo Plc, the world’s biggest distiller, last year agreed to buy a controlling stake in United Spirits that would give it control of Whyte & Mackay.

Carlyle Group LP agreed to buy the Ortho Clinical unit of Johnson & Johnson for $415 billion, a deal that would shed the health-care products company’s only diagnostics division.

AerCap Holdings NV agreed to buy AIG’s International Lease Finance Corp.

Kinder Morgan, the country’s second-largest natural gas pipeline operator by market value, agreed to buy APT New Intermediate Holdco LLC and State Class Tankers II LLC from private-equity firms Blackstone Group LP and Cerberus Capital Management LP for $962 million in cash.

Apollo, the New York-based buyout firm run by Leon Black, last year agreed to buy Evo Banco from nationalized lender NCG Banco and FinanMadrid from state-owned Bankia group.

In August, Aurobindo agreed to buy a 57 percent stake in Silicon Life Sciences Pvt.

Since Walgreen Co’s 2012 deal to buy 45 percent of Alliance Boots, the owner of the largest UK.

Aberdeen Asset Management Plc, Scotland’s largest fund company, agreed to buy Scottish Widows Investment in November for 560 million pounds from parent Lloyds Banking Group Plc.

Sysco Corp’s agreement to buy US Foods for $35 billion to bolster its preeminence as a food distributor to restaurants across North America is under review by at least two states in addition to federal regulators.

Yue Xiu Group agreed in November to buy a majority stake in Chong Hing Bank Ltd.

Verso, based in Memphis, Tennessee, was in talks to buy NewPage in 2012.

Since Walgreen Co’s 2012 deal to buy 45 percent of Alliance Boots, the owner of the largest UK.

Deals Debevoise, Ropes & Gray on $29 Billion Deal for Aptalis Debevoise & Plimpton LLP and Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP were legal counsel to Forest Laboratories Inc, maker of the Alzheimer’s drug Namenda, which agreed to buy Aptalis Pharma for $29 billion, adding treatments for gastrointestinal ailments and cystic fibrosis.

Richardson GMP agreed in September to buy Macquarie Private Wealth Canada for C$132 million to expand its wealth-management partnership.

Bancorp, the biggest bank in the Midwestern US, agreed to buy the Chicago branches of Citizens Financial Group Inc, according to a person with direct knowledge of the transaction.

Ropes & Gray and Kirkland Provide Legal Counsel for Bob’s Deal Bain Capital LLC, the private-equity firm that oversees more than $70 billion in assets, agreed to buy furniture and bedding retailer Bob’s Discount Furniture Inc.

KKR & Co, the private-equity firm run by Henry Kravis and George Roberts, agreed to buy a majority stake in Sedgwick Claims Management Services Inc.

KKR in September agreed to buy Mitchell International Inc.

Sports Direct International Plc, the UK’s largest sports retailer, bought a 46 percent stake in Debenhams Plc and said it wants to work with the department-store chain to create value for shareholders.
Blackstone owns an 88 percent stake of Koe Galerie, which it bought from Merrill Lynch.
GSH bought the stake with TYJ Group Pte.
Potential Turns The potential for the company’s diabetes medicines turned suddenly between the time that Bristol-Myers bought Amylin and last month, when it sold its stake of the portfolio to AstraZeneca.
Jha was CEO of Motorola Mobility Inc, which was bought by Google Inc.
UniCredit, which leads Austria’s Raiffeisen Bank International AG and Erste Group Bank AG in the former communist part of Europe, bought a portfolio of Romanian assets from Royal Bank of Scotland Plc last year and could do more such deals if the possibility arises, Papa said in an interview yesterday at a Euromoney conference in Vienna.
Simon Property Group Inc, the world’s largest mall owner, bought a land parcel on New York’s Long Island from rival shopping-center landlord Taubman Centers Inc, which failed to develop the property.
Last year, Clydesdale bought the UK’s Virgin Media Inc.
Banesco Group, controlled by Venezuelan billionaire Juan Carlos Escotet, bought NCG Banco last month, following Colombian billionaire Jaime Gilinski’s investment in Banco Sabadell SA.
A year ago, BlackRock bought wind farms from REG and agreed on a five-year partnership that allows it to buy more plants from the developer.
Lansdowne Partners LLP, the biggest European hedge-fund firm that focuses on stock picking, bought Twitter Inc.
Lansdowne said it bought a “modest position” in Twitter after the US.
Suntory bought a PepsiCo Inc.
In 2009, Saji bought French soda maker Orangina and New Zealand’s Frucor.
Rescue Financing In Europe, the fund bought 51 percent of Winoa Group’s senior loans to gain control of the French steel abrasives company’s equity, Zilkha said.
Seeking to tap the rapid expansion of eastern airports and provide a hedge against slower growth at its existing assets, ADP bought a 38 percent stake in TAV for $874 million in 2012.
Murdoch Competition Liberty Global last year bought Virgin Media Inc, a UK.
Tata Steel, which bought UK-based Corus Group for $129 billion in 2007, had total debts of 65174 billion rupees ($105 billion) as of Sept.
