Sports Direct International Plc, the UK’s largest sports retailer, bought a 46 percent stake in Debenhams Plc and said it wants to work with the department-store chain to create value for shareholders.
Blackstone owns an 88 percent stake of Koe Galerie, which it bought from Merrill Lynch.
GSH bought the stake with TYJ Group Pte.
Potential Turns The potential for the company’s diabetes medicines turned suddenly between the time that Bristol-Myers bought Amylin and last month, when it sold its stake of the portfolio to AstraZeneca.
Jha was CEO of Motorola Mobility Inc, which was bought by Google Inc.
UniCredit, which leads Austria’s Raiffeisen Bank International AG and Erste Group Bank AG in the former communist part of Europe, bought a portfolio of Romanian assets from Royal Bank of Scotland Plc last year and could do more such deals if the possibility arises, Papa said in an interview yesterday at a Euromoney conference in Vienna.
Simon Property Group Inc, the world’s largest mall owner, bought a land parcel on New York’s Long Island from rival shopping-center landlord Taubman Centers Inc, which failed to develop the property.
Last year, Clydesdale bought the UK’s Virgin Media Inc.
Banesco Group, controlled by Venezuelan billionaire Juan Carlos Escotet, bought NCG Banco last month, following Colombian billionaire Jaime Gilinski’s investment in Banco Sabadell SA.
A year ago, BlackRock bought wind farms from REG and agreed on a five-year partnership that allows it to buy more plants from the developer.
Lansdowne Partners LLP, the biggest European hedge-fund firm that focuses on stock picking, bought Twitter Inc.
Lansdowne said it bought a “modest position” in Twitter after the US.
Suntory bought a PepsiCo Inc.
In 2009, Saji bought French soda maker Orangina and New Zealand’s Frucor.
Rescue Financing In Europe, the fund bought 51 percent of Winoa Group’s senior loans to gain control of the French steel abrasives company’s equity, Zilkha said.
Seeking to tap the rapid expansion of eastern airports and provide a hedge against slower growth at its existing assets, ADP bought a 38 percent stake in TAV for $874 million in 2012.
Murdoch Competition Liberty Global last year bought Virgin Media Inc, a UK.
Tata Steel, which bought UK-based Corus Group for $129 billion in 2007, had total debts of 65174 billion rupees ($105 billion) as of Sept.
