 Genextra invested in Intercept for the first time in 2006, with additional investments in 2008, 2010 and 2012.
At JPMorgan, the bank has gone beyond boosting its technology team by starting a digital growth fund in 2011 that invested in Twitter and wearable device maker Jawbone.
GS Direct LLC, an investment vehicle affiliated with Goldman Sachs Group Inc, has previously invested in the company.
Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, one of the earliest backers of the company co-founded by former Apple executive Tony Fadell, invested $20 million in Nest beginning in 2010 and will see a return of about $400 million, a person with knowledge of the deal said.
Google’s venture arm had also invested in Nest.
Google Ventures, which invested in Nest and operates as an independent company within Google, will keep the returns, a person with knowledge of the matter said.
Jana invested in Boeing Co.
The Turin-based company invested about $37 billion in cash to take over Chrysler in the five-year process.
Yu’E Bao’s cash is invested in a money-market fund run by Tian Hong Asset Management Co, in which Hangzhou-based Alibaba, the nation’s largest e-commerce company, owns a majority stake.
The Tian Hong fund in which Yu’E Bao users are invested held 845 percent of its assets in bank deposits as of Sept.
Falcone’s Harbinger invested about $3 billion in LightSquared, which listed assets of $448 billion and debt of $229 billion in its Chapter 11 filing.
In-Q-Tel, a venture-capital firm started by the Central Intelligence Agency to back companies with emerging national-security technology, invested in FireEye in 2009.
Mubadala invested $2 billion with Batista’s EBX Group Co.
“We want to boost the number of workers from Morgan Stanley as Japanese corporates seek more growth opportunities” Ties between the banks deepened after Mitsubishi UFJ invested $9 billion in Morgan Stanley during the peak of the global financial crisis in 2008.
LeFund, a $100 million investment fund Lenovo set up in 2010, has so far invested in 30 companies, of which iDreamsky was the first, Dennis Song, the fund’s managing director, said in an Aug.
Shanduka invested 300 million rand ($28 million) into Lonmin.
Temasek is also invested in China’s biggest e-commerce operator, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, which is headed toward what may be the largest US.
Failure to break the deadlock threatens to unleash war in a region where companies led by BP Plc have invested more than $40 billion to develop Azerbaijan’s oil and gas fields.
TPG Capital, the buyout firm that invested in soured megadeals including TXU Corp, plans to start raising money this month for a flagship fund that’s seeking as much as $10 billion, said two investors.
The 2008 fund in April backed a $750 million debt investment in yogurt maker Chobani Inc, invested $600 million in Danish online trader Saxo Bank A/S in 2011 and led a $3 billion takeover of clothing retailer J.





