 said it will buy the rights to add 12 round-trip flights at Washington・s Ronald Reagan National Airport being shed by American Airlines as a condition for its merger with US Airways Group Inc.
Lojas Americanas SA, the Rio de Janeiro-based retailer that owns 62 percent of B2W, will buy at least 102 billion reais of shares at 25 reais each, according to a Jan.
 Aurobindo will buy Actavis・s generic products, marketing authorizations and dossier license rights in France, Italy, Spain, Portugal, Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands, the Dublin-based drugmaker said in a statement.
 McKesson will buy majority owner Franz Haniel & Cie GmbH・s holding in Celesio for 2350 euros a share, the same price as its previous bid, the San Francisco-based company said yesterday in a statement.
 8 (Bloomberg) -- Forest Laboratories Inc, maker of the Alzheimer・s drug Namenda, will buy Aptalis Pharma for $29 billion, adding treatments for gastrointestinal ailments and cystic fibrosis.
 Denso in September said it will buy a 50 percent stake in ADASENS Automotive GmbH, an image-recognition technology company.
 Nomura is also expanding its asset management operations abroad, saying this month that it will buy ING Groep NV・s Taiwanese investment unit, becoming the first Japanese asset manager to operate in the market.
 Cebu Air, majority owned by JG Summit Holdings Inc, will buy the 40 percent Tiger Air owns in Southeast Asian Airlines Inc, Tiger Air said in a statement to the Singapore stock exchange today.
 Yunfeng, a private equity firm co-founded by Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma, will buy a 298 percent stake in Perfect Advance before the share sale is completed, according to the statement.
 10 (Bloomberg) -- Saudi Arabian Oil Co, the world・s largest crude exporter, will buy a $2 billion stake in S-Oil Corp, South Korea・s third-largest oil refiner.
 The state-owned producer, known as Saudi Aramco, will buy almost all of Hanjin Energy Co・s stake in S-Oil, according to an S-Oil official who asked not to be identified because of internal policy.
 The purchase was earlier reported by the Maeil Business Newspaper, which cited S-Oil Chief Executive Officer Nasser Al-Mahasher saying Aramco will buy Hanjin・s entire stake.
 The maker of the Alzheimer・s drug Namenda said it will buy Aptalis Pharma for $29 billion, adding treatments for gastrointestinal ailments and cystic fibrosis.
24 (Bloomberg) -- Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, the owner of China・s biggest e-commerce business, and Yunfeng Capital said they will buy control of Citic 21CN Co.
  Yunfeng, a private equity firm co-founded by Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma, will buy a 298 percent stake in Perfect Advance before the share sale is completed, according to the statement.
   Platinum Equity LLC will buy 70 percent of Sensis for A$454 million, Telstra said Jan.
 Medical Equipment Fosun will buy as much as $1937 million of shares in Chindex and spend another $45 million to acquire a further 30 percent of Chindex Medical Ltd, a unit that distributes medical equipment and instruments, the drugmaker said in a separate statement.
17 (Bloomberg) -- Rakuten Inc, the Japanese online retailer controlled by billionaire Hiroshi Mikitani, plummeted in Tokyo trading after announcing it will buy the Viber Internet messaging and calling service for $900 million.
Bank Clothiers Inc, the retailer resisting a merger with Men・s Wearhouse Inc, said it will buy the Eddie Bauer brand for cash and new shares, and buy some of its own stock at an 18 percent premium to reward shareholders.
 
 GCL-Poly will buy 360 million new Same Time shares at HK$4 each, and will seek a waiver from the rule requiring it to make a buyout offer, according to a joint filing yesterday by the two companies to the Hong Kong stock exchange.
Kleinwort Benson will buy 91 percent after Fosun Group, AQTON SE, the investment vehicle of German entrepreneur Stefan Quandt, and entities affiliated with Timothy C.
Mangold will buy some TUI stock alongside Joussen and Chief Financial Officer Horst Baier.
  Mega will buy out listed shell company TRS Investments Ltd.
 Tan also will buy 238 percent of ARMS from the family for $223 million through his PT Borneo Lumbung Energi & Metal.
 CMC Capital Partners, an investment fund focused on media and entertainment, and FountainVest Partners, a Chinese private-equity firm, will buy shares of Imax China Holding Inc.
  ．Sexy・ Sector The Chinese bank will buy all of GSD Holding AS・s shares in Tekstilbank and bid for the remainder of the Istanbul-based company, according to ICBC・s statement.
 Mallinckrodt Plc said yesterday that it will buy Questcor Pharmaceuticals Inc.
In what resembles one of the NBA multiplayer trades, Novartis will buy Glaxo・s cancer-drug operations and sell Glaxo its vaccines business -- except for flu drugs, which it will sell to someone else -- while creating a joint venture with Glaxo for consumer health and selling its animal-drugs business to Lilly.
April 30 (Bloomberg) -- A Blackstone Group LP affiliate will buy a share in a central Sydney office building for A$435 million ($404 million), and take options to acquire a further A$3914 million of properties from Mirvac Group.
It・s an opportunity to really be one of the first companies out there； Roche also said today it will buy IQuum Inc, a Marlborough, Massachusetts-based maker of molecular-diagnostics products, for $275 million in cash and potential additional payments of as much as $175 million.
：April 28 (Bloomberg) -- Energy Transfer Partners LP, the owner of 35,000 miles of natural gas pipelines, will buy gasoline-station owner Susser Holdings Corp.
Telekom Austria jumped 63 percent after America Movil SAB said it will buy out the company・s minority shareholders.
  In the first step of today・s three-part agreement, Charter said it will buy 14 million Time Warner Cable customers for $73 billion after the merger of Comcast and Time Warner Cable closes.
 Siemens AG climbed 21 percent to 9584 euros as Europe・s biggest engineering company said it will buy some energy assets from Rolls Royce Holdings Plc for $13 billion.
 Tsinlien Group Co, owned by the Tianjin, China, municipal government, will buy unit Famous Ever Group Ltd.
 May 8 (Bloomberg) -- Valley National Bancorp, the New Jersey-based lender, will buy Florida・s 1st United Bancorp for about $312 million in the biggest US.
China・s ICBC said last month that it will buy GSD Holding AS・s 76 percent stake in Tekstil Bankasi AS for $316 million, while Qatar Islamic Bank is seeking a stake in Asya Katilim Bankasi AS.
May 21 (Bloomberg) -- Flipkart, India・s largest online retailer, will buy competitor Myntracom, according to people with knowledge of the talks, to gain a business with higher margins and boost competitiveness against Amazoncom Inc.
 TerraForm will buy renewable-energy assets from SunEdison and other companies, according to the filing.
 Abbott will buy Kalo Pharma Internacional SL, the holding company that indirectly owns 73 percent of CFR, and conduct a cash tender offer for the remaining shares outstanding, the Abbott Park, Illinois-based drugmaker said in a statement today.
 Siemens will buy Rolls-Royce・s energy aero-derivative gas turbine and compressor business to strengthen its position in the power generation and oil and gas industries and manage its health-care business separately, the Munich-based company said in a statement yesterday.
May 6 (Bloomberg) -- Tencent Holdings Ltd, Asia・s biggest Internet company by market value, will buy a stake in digital mapping provider NavInfo Co.
 Tencent, owner of the WeChat instant messaging application, will buy 78 million NavInfo shares, an 113 percent holding, from that company・s state-owned parent China Siwei Surveying & Mapping Technology Corp, according to a Shenzhen Stock Exchange filing yesterday.
 Flipkart will buy 100 percent of Myntra, Chief Executive Officer Sachin Bansal said at a press conference in Bengaluru today.
 Tianjin, China-based Sunac will buy 5248 million shares at HK$12 each from Greentown Chairman Song Weiping, Chief Executive Officer Shou Bainian and shareholder Xia Yibo, Sunac said in a filing yesterday to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
 Centrica announced Qatar Petroleum International will buy 40 percent of its Canadian Natural Gas business for C$200 million ($184 million).
 Dubai Islamic, the UAE・s biggest Shariah-compliant lender by assets, will buy a 25 percent stake in Indonesia・s PT Bank Panin Syariah Tbk, the Islamic banking arm of Bank Panin, it said yesterday.
 Centrica announced Qatar Petroleum International will buy 40 percent of its Canadian Natural Gas business for C$200million ($184 million).
May 19 (Bloomberg) -- Dubai Islamic Bank will buy a 25 percent stake in Indonesia・s PT Bank Panin Syariah Tbk, the Islamic banking arm of PT Bank Panin, as part of the lender・s overseas expansion strategy.
  Tencent said May 6 it will buy a stake in digital mapping provider NavInfo Co.
 The National Social Security Fund will buy HK$168 billion ($22 billion) of shares and China Life Insurance Co.
AIA Group Ltd, the second-largest Asia-based insurer by market value, will buy $300 million of shares, and a company controlled by Agricultural Bank of China Ltd.
 ICBC said last month that it will buy all of GSD Holding AS・s 76% stake in Tekstilbank AS for $316 million, and make a tender offer for the remaining shares of the Istanbul-based lender.
Bavaguthu Raghuram Shetty, an Indian-born entrepreneur, and entities linked to Saeed Bin Butti Al Qubaisi・s Abu Dhabi-based Centurion Investments will buy London-based Apax・s stake in the chain of retail currency exchanges, the London-based buyout firm said in an e-mailed statement today.
   Siemens AG climbed 21 percent as Europe・s biggest engineering company forecast an increase in productivity after saying it will buy some energy assets from Rolls Royce Holdings Plc and list its hearing-aid unit.
 Tencent will buy 368 million Class A and B ordinary shares in Chaoyang, China-based 58com at $20 each, according to a statement distributed through PR Newswire yesterday.
June 23 (Bloomberg) -- Marsh & McLennan Cos will buy a 34 percent stake in Alexander Forbes Ltd.
 Mercer Africa Ltd, a subsidiary of New York-based Marsh & McLennan, the biggest insurance broker by market value, will buy 149 percent of Alex Forbes at the time of the initial public offering and a further 191 percent after regulatory approvals, the Johannesburg-based company said today in an e-mailed statement.
Institutional investors including Blackstone Group LP will buy 168 million Gecina shares for 92 euros each, Metrovacesa said in a statement on June 7.
June 24 (Bloomberg) -- KKR & Co, the private-equity firm run by billionaires Henry Kravis and George Roberts, will buy a one-third stake in Acciona SA・s renewable-energy assets outside Spain for 417 million euros ($567 million).
 The South African Government Employee Pension Fund, the continent・s largest for retirement savings, said earlier this month it will buy a 40 percent equity stake in a concentrated photovoltaic project Soitec SA is building in the African country.
Tencent will buy a 199 percent stake, amounting to 368 million Class A and B ordinary shares in Chaoyang, China-based 58com at $20 each, the company said in a statement distributed through PR Newswire late on June 27.
 Institutional investors including Blackstone Group LP will buy 168 million Gecina shares for 92 euros each, a 10 percent discount to the Paris-based company・s net asset value, Metrovacesa said in a statement today.
 Norges Bank will acquire 9 percent of all Gecina shares, Credit Agricole Assurances will buy 47 percent, a jointly owned affiliate of Blackstone and Ivanhoe Cambridge Inc.
Drillisch, a small carrier that doesn・t own a network, will buy 20 percent of the capacity of all mobile networks that will be controlled by Telefonica Deutschland Holding AG after the E-Plus deal over five years, Telefonica said today.
June 2 (Bloomberg) -- Det Norske Oljeselskap ASA, controlled by billionaire Kjell Inge Roekke, will buy Marathon Oil Corp・s Norwegian business for $27 billion in a transformational deal that will boost output 14-fold and settle questions on funding.
June 28 (Bloomberg) -- Billionaire Carlos Slim will buy out AT&T Inc・s stake in America Movil SAB for $557 billion, propping up his Latin American mobile-phone company・s stock price as his longtime partner from the US.
 GE will buy 100 percent of Alstom・s gas turbine business and related servicing operations.
 Separate Deal Depending on the IPO・s success, Merlin will buy 100 percent of the share capital of Tree Inversiones Inmobiliarias SA, which owns commercial properties leased to Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA, Spain・s second-largest bank, according to the filing.
  As part of the restructuring, Hyundai Group will buy the 1995 percent stake in Hyundai Elevator Co.
June 3 (Bloomberg) -- RBI Solar Inc, a maker of structures for attaching solar panels, will buy Centrosolar Group AG・s German mounting company Renusol GmbH.
 Scotiabank will buy 51 percent of the financial-services unit and take over the entire loan portfolio, transferring an additional $12 billion to Cencosud, the companies said in separate filings to Chile・s securities regulator.
 Carrefour will buy back DIA・s French business for an enterprise value of 600 million euros ($816 million), less than three years after Carrefour spun off the retailer.
 As part of the deal, London-based Imperial Tobacco Group Plc will buy some brands from Reynolds and Lorillard in an effort to head off any antitrust concerns that the US.
 Olayan Financing Co, a unit of the Saudi group which is also the top shareholder in Credit Suisse Group AG, will buy a 51 percent stake in Gulf Union, the companies said today in a joint statement.
 Macquarie Infrastructure Co, which owns storage terminals for oil products and chemicals in the US, will buy the 50 percent of International-Matex Tank Terminals it doesn・t already own, it said in a statement yesterday.
 Helvetia Holding AG said it will buy a majority stake in Nationale Suisse, valuing it at about 18 billion Swiss francs ($2 billion).
July 18 (Bloomberg) -- Suez Environnement, Europe・s second-biggest water utility, will buy the 24 percent stake in Barcelona water company Agbar that it doesn・t already own from La Caixa for stock and 299 million euros ($404 million) in cash.
 Itochu will buy an HK$66 billion stake ($852 million) in Hong Kong-based unit CP Pokphand Co.
 BSkyB will buy the shares from another Murdoch company, 21st Century Fox Inc.
July 3 (Bloomberg) -- TPG Capital, the private investment company with $59 billion globally, will buy a stake in Hong Kong・s HS Group Ltd.
 Mylan said July 14 it will buy Abbott Laboratories・ generic-drug business and incorporate the new company in the Netherlands.
 6 (Bloomberg) -- SMA Solar Technology, the biggest maker of inverters, will buy a unit of Phoenix Solar AG to expand in operating and servicing photovoltaic power plants.
 Aegon will buy a 51 percent stake in Banco Santander Totta SA・s insurance activities in Portugal, expanding a partnership with the Spanish bank that started last year, it said today.
