Magellan Midstream Partners LP, which owns the other half of the joint venture, will buy Occidental Company stake in a 40-mile southern portion of the pipeline for $75 million in a related transaction announced today.
Last year, Centerview ranked 16th, with a role on the takeovers of HJ Heinz Co, Dell Inc.
Nestle recently completed the purchase of Zuke, a Durango, Colorado-based marketer of natural pet snacks, the company said today in a e-mailed statement.
That year, China Merchants Bank completed a $47 billion purchase of Wing Lung Bank Ltd.
A merger of DirecTV and Dish was blocked more than a decade ago.
He also cited speculation that Ulster Bank may merge with Permanent TSB Group Holdings Plc.
Big Goal Valeant built itself into a dealmaker through its 2010 merger with Biovail Corp.
US Airways merged with American Airline in December, although it continues to fly under the US Airways name.
Carlyle raised $11 billion in 2010 and invested in companies including TCW Group Inc, BankUnited Inc, Duff & Phelps Corp.
SK Group invested in Emerald Technology.
Last year, the UK’s Lancashire County Pension Fund invested 12 million pounds in Aviva Plc.
The court order allowing L-Band Acquisition LLC, a wholly owned unit of Dish, to make a $222 billion bid for LightSquared was “totally clear” that all aspects of it were irrevocable, Glenn Kurtz, a lawyer for the lenders group, said in a hearing today.
Direct Edge, based in Jersey City, New Jersey, was wholly owned by Knight Capital Group before it was spun off in 2007.
SMU SA, which is also owned by Saieh.
Shanghai Fosun High Technology Group Co, 100 percent owned by Fosun International, offers a full and irreversible guarantee for Nanjing Steel’s bonds, according to the note’s prospectus.
LCI, owned by New York-based Libra Group, entered the helicopter market in 2012 when it committed to spend as much as $400 million to buy a fleet of Finmeccanica SpA AgustaWestland choppers.
Maynilad, owned by Metro Pacific Investments Corp, and listed Manila Water Co.
Fidelity owned 12 percent of Intercept.
Luoyang Mining, owned by Luoyang city government