Kabel Deutschland, majority owned by Vodafone Group Plc, had bought Deutsche Telekom’s cable network that year and part of the deal was the fee agreement for the duct use.
Swisscanto was jointly owned by Switzerland’s 24 cantonal banks until now.
BT said yesterday it’s in exclusive talks to buy EE, which is jointly owned by Deutsche Telekom AG and Orange SA.
It’s also considering buying Blinkbox, a video-on-demand service owned by Tesco Plc, according to a person familiar with the situation.
Phibro LLC, owned by Occidental Petroleum Corp.
Instagram, owned by Menlo Park, California-based Facebook Inc, said today that its monthly active users rose to 300 million this month from 200 million in March, not counting spammers.
Ferd AS, owned by Andresen and his family, bought 113 million shares in PGS today.
CBA, the largest domestic retail brand, owned by Orban supporters and chariot racers Vilmos and Zoltan Lazar, operates as a chain of franchises which would be affected less, Chairman Laszlo Baldauf said in a Nov.
Vattenfall AB, owned by the Swedish state, wants to get rid of its German coal operations to focus on renewables, while ENBW Energie Baden-Wuerttemberg AG last year doubled its asset sales goal to 3 billion euros to free up cash to invest in clean energy.
Clearinghouses such as LCH Clearnet Group Ltd, majority owned by the London Stock Exchange Group Plc, and Deutsche Boerse AG’s Eurex Clearing operate as central counterparties for every buy and sell order associated with the platforms.
Oldford is the parent of Rational Group Ltd, which owned and operated PokerStars.
Eurazeo has owned Europcar since 2006, when it paid 308 billion euros for the company, 165 times its earnings before interest and tax at the time.
Olive Garden, owned by Orlando, Florida-based Darden, has been trying to stick closer to what it’s known for: gigantic portions of Italian food.
Chili’s Pizzas Chili’s, the Tex-Mex chain owned by Dallas-based Brinker International Inc, this year nixed its Philadelphia cheesesteak sandwich and cut four pizzas, including a pepperoni and five-cheese variety.
Eastern Water, 40 percent owned by the state-run Provincial Waterworks Authority, reported an 87 percent decline in third-quarter earnings last month on net income of 315 million baht.
DynCorp International is owned by affiliates of New York-based Cerberus Capital Management LP.
Yu Channel is owned by privately-held OOO YutTV Media.
De Beers is owned by Anglo American Plc.
The Rangers are owned by Madison Square Garden Co, which also owns the New York Knicks.
Meister owns 159 percent of Halla, the data show.
Atlantic Industries now owns 195 million shares in Keurig.