Schroders Plc gained the most in more than two years after the U.K.’s biggest publicly traded money manager raised its dividend by 40 percent and posted an increase in full-year earnings.  Pretax profit before one-time items climbed 41 percent to 507.8 million pounds ($849 million) in 2013 from a year earlier, the London-based company said in a statement today. The final dividend rose to 42 pence a share from 30 pence.  Net revenue at the wealth management unit was up 59 percent to 150 million pounds, the company said.   “2013 was a record year for Schroders,” Chief Executive Officer Michael Dobson said in the statement. “The momentum across our business continued through the year with 2.4 billion pounds of net inflows in the fourth quarter.”  The shares rose 5.3 percent to 2,727 pence in London trading. That’s the biggest gain since February 2012 and the highest price since at least 1991.  The company also set aside 15 million pounds for a possible penalty relating to a U.S. Justice Department review of Swiss banks concerning tax laws.
Nigeria will reduce state control of its transport industry to help ease dependence on crude oil and attract investment in freight rail to move grain and limestone, the country’s privatization agency said.  Eight bills to lift restrictions on private ownership of transport infrastructure, including ports and waterways, have been put before the cabinet, with four already approved and sent for consideration by lawmakers, Benjamin Dikki, director general of the Bureau of Public Enterprises, said in a March 21 interview in Abuja, the capital.  “The plan is to create an enabling environment for private sector investments to thrive,” Dikki said. “We’ve seen the reforms succeed in the power sector so it tells us we’re on track.”   Nigeria handed control of 15 former state-owned power suppliers to new owners including Munich, Germany-based Siemens AG and Korea Electric Power Corp. last year, marking the start of a market-driven electricity industry in Africa’s second-biggest economy. Johannesburg-based MTN Group Ltd., India’s Bharti Airtel Ltd. and Emirates Telecommunications Corp. are foreign owners of the country’s biggest mobile-phone companies after telecommunications was also opened up to private investment.  Private Investment  The cabinet received two more bills from the president today, Information Minister Labaran Maku told reporters in Abuja. “These reforms are aimed at transiting to a market-driven economy that opens all sectors of the economy to private sector investment,” he said.  The new transport laws, which could be passed before the end of 2014, are part of Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan’s attempt to reduce the economy’s reliance on its oil industry, Dikki said. Africa’s biggest producer relies on crude for as much as 95 percent of foreign-exchange income and 80 percent of government revenue, according to the central bank.  “The reform bills will abrogate the monopoly laws that restrict private sector participation in those sectors,” Dikki said. “Once these bills are enacted, we will be able to do concessions of viable federal roads and existing railway tracks, and even new tracks.”
A lack of planning and funding for Nigerian rail expansion has resulted in a drop in freight-rail capacity to 150,000 metric tons per year, compared with 3 million tons in the 1970s, according to the Transport Ministry. Most freight is now transported on worn-out and congested roads.  Rail Links  Feasibility studies on two twin-track railways are in progress, including a 673-kilometer (418 miles) east-west coastal line and a 280-kilometer link between central Kogi State and Abuja. Both will be built under a “public-private partnership,” Transport Minister Idris Umar said in 2012.  Under the transport reforms, the government will focus on policy while a state-owned regulator will be created to oversee the industry, allowing “operators to operate in an atmosphere that is free for entry and exit,” Dikki said. Government funds could be freed for education, health-care and other social welfare projects, he said.  To contact the reporter on this story: Elisha Bala-Gbogbo in Abuja at  ebalagbogbo@bloomberg.net  To contact the editors responsible for this story: Antony Sguazzin at  asguazzin@bloomberg.net Michael Gunn, Ben Holland          March 28 (Bloomberg) -- Woodside Petroleum Ltd., Australia’s second-largest oil producer, missed its target for completing a deal to buy a stake in a natural gas project in Israel, 15 months after signing an initial accord. 
McDonald’s Corp., the world’s largest restaurant chain, has begun offering pastries in some locations, part of an effort to turn around declining U.S. sales by attracting more customers in the morning.  Restaurants in San Diego recently began selling raspberry and cinnamon cream-cheese Petite Pastries in a test, said Lisa McComb, a spokeswoman for the company. With the purchase of a coffee, customers can also buy two of the pastries for $1.29, she said. Without a drink, two of them are $1.99.  “It’s premature to draw any conclusions from the test,” McComb said in an e-mail.   The Big Mac seller has been struggling to boost sales at its established U.S. locations, especially as rival fast-food chains offer new menu items and discounts. McDonald’s sales at domestic stores open at least 13 months slid 3.3 percent in January, the third straight monthly decline. Severe winter weather and waning consumer confidence also contributed to sluggish demand.  Shares of Oak Brook, Illinois-based McDonald’s rose 0.6 percent to $95.58 at the close in New York. The stock climbed 1 percent last month, lagging behind the Standard &amp; Poor’s 500 Index’s 4.3 percent gain.  McDonald’s stores first began selling breakfast foods in the 1970s after a franchisee invented the Egg McMuffin. The hamburger chain has since introduced other morning items, including the Fruit ’N Yogurt parfait in 2000, McGriddles in 2008 and McCafe coffees in 2009. More recently, McDonald’s tried selling bakery items in the U.S., such as croissants and vanilla scones, though it never introduced them nationally.  Coffee Visits  One of the fast-food chain’s top priorities is increasing coffee-driven visits to its stores, according to a document laying out the company’s 2014 to 2016 U.S. strategy obtained by Bloomberg News. McDonald’s is trying to better compete with breakfast sellers including Starbucks Corp. and Dunkin’ Brands Group Inc., which each sell pastries including muffins, bagels and doughnuts. McDonald’s stores in the U.K. already sell blueberry muffins and sugar doughnuts.  Taco Bell, owned by Yum! Brands Inc., also is working to drum up morning business. This month the chain will begin selling breakfast items nationwide, including egg burritos and waffle tacos.  McDonald’s, which has more than 14,200 U.S. restaurants, is scheduled to report February same-store sales results on March 10. Comparable-store sales are considered an indicator of a retailer’s performance because they include only older, established locations.
Altana AG, the German specialty chemicals maker owned by billionaire Susanne Klatten, plans to double sales to 3.5 billion euros ($4.8 billion) by the end of the decade, boosted by acquisitions.  Revenue will probably increase in the “high single-digit” percentage range this year as sales from acquisitions will be included in its books for the first time for the whole year, the Wesel, Germany-based company said today. Profitability will be similar.
Chief Executive Officer Matthias Wolfgruber said today markets should improve particularly in Europe. Altana accelerated growth by buying Rockwood Holdings Inc.’s clay-additives unit for $635 million and a coatings division from Henkel AG last year.   “Growth should be reflected not only by sales growth to 3.5 billion euros, but also by new jobs,” Wolfgruber said in the statement.  Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization rose 4 percent to 336 million euros in 2013. Sales also gained 4 percent to 1.77 billion euros.